# source: https://miranda-newswire.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/07/InformeESG-DisENG-280726-VF.pdf
# title: OMA Announces the Publication of its 2025 Sustainability Report
# date: 2026-07-29
# lang: en
# class: other
# via: miranda

<<page 1>>
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
1
<<page 2>>
T A B L E O F
C O N T E N T S
M E S S AG E F R O M T H E C H I E F E X EC U T I V E O F F I C E R | 0 | 4
01 A B O U T O M A | 6
CO R P O R AT E
Our History
9 OMA’s Sustainability Guidelines
31
G OV E R N A N C E
04 | 52
Our Culture | 10
Sustainability Policy 31 A N D E T H I C S
Infrastructure and Connectivity for the Future | 11
Materiality Analysis and Sustainability Strategy | 33
Corporate Structure
12 Stakeholders OMA’s Governance Structure | 53
35
OMA in Numbers 2025 13 Functions of the Board of Directors
OMA Sustainability Strategy | 2030 | 36 | 55
Passenger Traffic | 14
OMA’s Commitment to the Sustainable Development Supporting Committees | 56
Our Operations
15 Goals Executive Team | 2025 | 57
38
Airport Information 16 Cybersecurity
Progress in OMA’s ESG Goals to | 2030 | 40 | 59
Commercial Activities | 17
Risk Management 42 Business Ethics | 62
Diversification Activities
18 Corporate Social Responsibility The VINCI Manifesto | 63
44
Infrastructure Projects Execution 2025 20 Code of Ethics and Business Conduct
64
Certifications and Awards | 22
Fraud and Corruption-Related Risks | 68
Affiliations with Trade Associations and Corporate
Anticorruption Code of Conduct | 69
Chambers 26 Ethics Hotline
71
Supplier Code of Ethics | 73
ECO N O M I C
Corporate Integrity Program and Ethical
S U S TA I N A B L E
03 | 4 | 5
02
27 PE R F O R M A N C E
D E V E LO PM E N T Best Practices
74
Value Created by OMA | 46
Building More Resilient Airports | 28
Direct Economic Value Generated and Distributed | 47
Sustainability Governance | 29
Clients and Passengers | 49
ESG Organizational Chart | 30
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
2
<<page 3>>
T A B L E O F
C O N T E N T S
O U R
05 CO N T R I B U T I O N
75 | 127
07
PEO PL E
TO CO M M U N I T I E S
Our Workforce | 76
Community Investment and Social Programs | 128
Strategy to Attract and Retain Talent 80 Education and Community Development | 129
Labor Relations | 83
Volunteer Programs | 132
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion | 84
Community Engagement | 134
Occupational Health and Safety | 86
Talent Development and Training | 95
Employee Well-being | 100
O M A
S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y
08
E N V I R O N M E N TA L | 14 | 0
06
10 | 5
R E P O R T
M A N AG E M E N T
Climate Change and Energy Transition | 107
GRI Content Index | 141
Environmental Awareness and Education 108 SASB Index | 145
Carbon Footprint and Decarbonization 112 Global Compact
146
Carbon Reduction Objectives | 114
Glossary | 147
Circular Economy and Waste Management 116 Annex | 148
Inclusive Circular Economy Program 119 Contact at OMA
149
Water Stewardship | 120
Wastewater Treatment Plants | 121
Protecting Biodiversity | 122
OMA Green Bonds Framework | 124
OMA’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework | 125
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
3
<<page 4>>
M E S S A G E F R O M
T H E C H I E F E X E C U T I V E O F F I C E R
[GRI 2-13, 2-22]
To To all all those those we we work work with with and and serve, serve,
In 2025, OMA celebrated 25 years of connecting people, destinations, and opportunities in Mexico.
More than a significant date, this anniversary is an opportunity to reflect on the journey we have
shared, thank everyone who has been part of our story for their trust, and reaffirm our commitment to
the country’s development, sustainability, and to creating long-term value.
Since the start of our operations in 2000, more than 400 million passengers have traveled through
our 13 airports. Over these 25 years, we have witnessed the transformation of Mexico and growth in
the cities and regions where we operate, contributing to improving mobility, tourism, commerce, and
investment. In 2025 alone, we served 28.8 million passengers, consolidating our role as a key player in
Mexico’s connectivity and competitiveness.
This growth was also reflected in our financial performance. In 2025, OMA generated total revenues
of Ps. 15.96 billion, with Adjusted EBITDA of Ps. 10.17 billion. These results reflect our solid business
model and our airports’ ability to continue creating value for shareholders, investors, and other
stakeholders.
Investments in infrastructure have been a fundamental element in our evolution as a Company. In
2025, we allocated more than Ps. 2.7 billion to expansion and modernization projects at the airports
in Monterrey, Juárez, Culiacán, Torreón, among others. These investments improve our operating
capacity and allow us to continue developing a more modern, efficient, and resilient infrastructure
that can respond to future needs.
OMA has always understood that trust is one of its most valuable assets. Therefore, we have built a
culture based on integrity, responsibility, and ethical behavior. In 2025, we reinforced this commitment
by continuing to strengthen the implementation of the VINCI Manifesto and by deploying a
comprehensive ethics and compliance framework that increases transparency, accountability, and
compliance throughout the organization.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
4
<<page 5>>
None of this would be possible without the talent, commitment, and
professionalism of the people who are part of OMA. During the year
we continued supporting the development of technical, digital, and
leadership skills in order to meet the challenges of an industry in constant
transformation. We also strengthened initiatives focused on safety, well-being,
and diversity and inclusion, because we believe the development of our people
is fundamental to the Company’s sustainability and success.
Our commitment also extends to the communities where we operate. Through
educational, cultural, social and volunteering programs, we seek to create shared
value and contribute to stronger and more resilient communities. We believe that OMA’s
success is closely tied to the well-being of communities that surround our operations.
We recognize that building for the future requires taking responsibility for the environmental
challenges we face. In 2025, we continued moving forward with our decarbonization strategy
by incorporating more renewable energy, energy efficiency initiatives, and progressively
replacing equipment that uses fossil fuels with electric alternatives. These actions are already
generating tangible results. In 2025, we maintained our Level 3 “Optimization” of the Airport
Carbon Accreditation program at our 13 airports, and we achieved an audited emissions intensity
of 0.18 kgCO e per passenger, significantly exceeding the goal established for this year in our
2
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework.
As we celebrate our twenty-fifth anniversary, we are proud of what we have built with passengers, airlines,
employees, suppliers, authorities, investors, and communities. I would like to express to you all my sincerest
thanks for the trust you have placed in OMA over the years.
The first 25 years of our story have allowed us to build a solid and resilient organization that is prepared to evolve.
With this same vision, we will continue working to develop an increasingly modern, safe, efficient, and sustainable
airport network that will create value for current and future generations in Mexico.
Sincerely,
Ricardo Ricardo Dueñas Dueñas Espriu Espriu
Chief Executive Officer
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
5 | 5
<<page 6>>
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
6
<<page 7>>
A B O U T
O M A
Over its 25-year history
more than 400 million passengers
Celebrating Celebrating 25 25 years years of of airport airport
have traveled through OMA’s airports,
operations operations in in Mexico, Mexico,
reflecting the Company’s contribution
to connectivity, economic activity, and
OMA has evolved into one of the country’s leading airport groups,
regional development across Mexico.
contributing to the economic and social development of the regions
it serves through strategic investments in airport infrastructure,
connectivity, operational excellence, and sustainable growth. Today, as
part of the VINCI Airports Network, the world’s largest private airport
operator, our Company continues to strengthen its long-term vision
while contributing to a more sustainable future for the airport industry.
Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte, S.A.B. de C.V. (“OMA,” the
“Company,” or the “Group”) is a Mexican company that operates and
manages 13 international airports in northern and central Mexico.
OMA’s airport network serves the Monterrey metropolitan area; the
tourist destinations of Acapulco, Mazatlán, and Zihuatanejo; the cities of
Chihuahua, Culiacán, Durango, San Luis Potosí, Tampico, Torreón, and
Zacatecas; and the border cities of Ciudad Juárez and Reynosa.
In 2025, OMA served 28.8 million passengers through 22 airlines
operating 210 domestic and international routes across its airport
network. OMA is publicly traded on both the Mexican Stock Exchange
(BMV) and Nasdaq in New York.
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
7 | 7
<<page 8>>
OMA’s sustainability approach is aligned with the global vision and
commitments of the VINCI Group, while addressing the environmental,
social, economic, and regulatory priorities that are most relevant to the
regions where the Company operates.
During 2025, OMA advanced work on a Double Materiality Assessment
to strengthen its sustainability framework and enhance its understanding
of the impacts, risks, and opportunities most relevant to the Company
and its stakeholders. The assessment considered both financial and
impact materiality perspectives, as well as evolving sustainability-related
disclosure requirements applicable to publicly listed companies in Mexico.
In 2025, OMA also advanced preparations for the integration of the
IFRS Sustainability Disclosure Standards (IFRS S1 and IFRS S2) into its
sustainability and climate-related reporting processes, strengthening
the alignment of its disclosures with emerging regulatory expectations in
Mexico.
Based on its current Materiality Assessment and aligned with VINCI’s
sustainability framework, OMA’s material topics continue to be structured
around three strategic pillars: ethics and corporate governance, social
aspects, and environmental management.
VINCI Airports has established ambitious climate commitments,
including a two-thirds reduction in direct emissions by 2030 compared
to 2018 levels. The network aims to achieve Net Zero emissions by | 2030
across its European airports, including London Gatwick and Edinburgh,
and globally across all airports in its network by 2050.
OMA shares this vision and has adopted the goal of reducing its direct
emissions by two-thirds by 2030 (base year: 2018), in alignment with the
global decarbonization objectives of VINCI Airports.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
8
<<page 9>>
O U R
H I S T O R Y
[GRI 2-1, 2-6]
1998 | 2000 | 2005 | 2006 | 2009
The Mexican government Mexican Government OMA Carga begins Initial Public Offering on Inauguration of the NH
creates and tenders a privatizes concessions; ICA, operations. VINCI Mexican Stock Exchange Collection T2 Hotel in
package of 13 airport ADP and VINCI win process. divestment. and Nasdaq. Inauguration of Mexico City Airport.
concessions for privatization. Terminal C in Monterrey.
2010 | 2012 | 2013 | 2015 | 2016
Inauguration of Terminal B OMA-VYNMSA Industrial ICA follow-on offering Hilton Garden Inn Hotel Fintech involvement through
in Monterrey. Park creation. of OMA shares. begins operations at ICA. ADP divestment in SETA.
Monterrey Airport.
2019 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023 | 2024
Start of construction of First Green Bond issuance Second Sustainability-Linked Level 2 of the Airport Carbon Achievement of Level 3 “Optimization”
the Terminal A expansion in the Mexican market by an bond issuance in the world Accreditation Program achieved under the Airport Carbon Accreditation
project at Monterrey Airport. airport group. by an airport group. VINCI for our 13 airports. Opening of Program for all 13 airports.
becomes main shareholder Wing #1 in the Monterrey Airport. Expansion and renovation of the Terminal
by acquiring Fintech’s stake. Update to the Tariff Regulation Building at Durango Airport. Phase 1 of
Bases in the Mexican airport the expansion of Terminal A in Monterrey
sector. concluded with the inauguration of the
terminal’s new concourse.
2025
OMA celebrates 25 years Inauguration of Mazatlán Airport
Renewal of Level | 3
as one of Mexico’s leading the expansion and terminal building
“Optimization” under
airport groups and renovation of the reconfiguration
the Airport Carbon
continues strengthening terminal building project scheduled
Accreditation Program
its long-term vision as part at Ciudad Juárez for completion in
for all 13 airports.
of VINCI Airports. International Airport. 2026.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
9
<<page 10>>
O U R
C U L T U R E
[GRI 2-23, 2-24]
As part of the VINCI Group, OMA shares a Mission Vision
global culture built on long-term value creation,
operational excellence, ethical conduct,
To develop world-class To be Mexico’s leading
environmental responsibility, and respect for
airport facilities and airport operator,
people. This approach is guided by VINCI’s
services in terms of quality creating value for the air
Manifesto1
Corporate and reinforced through
and safety that meet the transportation industry,
policies, commitments, and objectives that support
needs of our clients and our people, and our
the sustainable development of the Company and
promote our sustainable shareholders, with the
the communities where it operates.
development. following values:
V A L U E S
Sustainability Ethics Innovation Collaboration Customer Service
Benefiting current and Performing our activities Applying new ideas Promoting initiatives that Exceeding expectations
future generations through with integrity that provide solutions contribute to teamwork with our service-oriented
our operations and support continuous focus
improvement
1 The full document can be found at: https://www.vinci.com/en/vinci-manifesto
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
10
<<page 11>>
I N F R A S T R U C T U R E
A N D C O N N E C T I V I T Y
FOR THE FUTURE
[GRI 2-6, 2-7]
Through the operation, management, and development of 13 airports
across nine states in Mexico, OMA has built a strategic infrastructure
platform that supports connectivity, mobility, tourism, trade, and
economic development. Over the past 25 years, the Company has
continuously expanded and modernized its airport network to meet
growing demand while enhancing operational efficiency, passenger
experience, and service quality.
As part of its long-term vision, OMA has developed a diversified business
platform that complements its airport operations and strengthens the
broader airport ecosystem. These activities include the NH Collection T2
Hotel at Mexico City International Airport, the Hilton Garden Inn Hotel
at Monterrey Airport, the industrial park located within the Monterrey
airport perimeter, and three bonded warehouses operated under the
OMA Carga brand in Monterrey and Chihuahua.
These businesses extend OMA’s presence across sectors closely linked to
mobility, logistics, hospitality, cargo operations, and industrial development,
creating additional opportunities to generate value and support the
sustainable growth of the regions where the Company operates.
1,1762
As of December 31, 2025, OMA employed 1,355 people, of whom
were part of airport operations and corporate offices. The Company’s
corporate headquarters are located at Avenida Patriotismo 201, Piso | 5,
Colonia San Pedro de los Pinos, C.P. 03800, Mexico City, Mexico.
2 As of December 31, 2025, 179 people were working at our NH Collection T2 and Hilton Garden Inn hotels.
Our operating partners manage the personnel of these businesses, therefore the information on GRI
indicators in this report will not be presented for this segment of the business.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
11
<<page 12>>
C O R P O R A T E
S T R U C T U R E
[GRI 2-1]
02
The following is a list of OMA’s consolidated
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2025:
Airport Concessions
04
1 Aeropuerto de Acapulco, S.A. de C.V.
2 Aeropuerto de Ciudad Juárez, S.A. de C.V.
3 Aeropuerto de Culiacán, S.A. de C.V.
4 Aeropuerto de Chihuahua, S.A. de C.V.
5 Aeropuerto de Durango, S.A. de C.V.
Aeropuerto de Mazatlán, S.A. de C.V.
607 | 08
H2
7 Aeropuerto de Monterrey, S.A. de C.V.
IP
11
8 Aeropuerto de Reynosa, S.A. de C.V. CS
05
03
9 Aeropuerto de San Luis Potosí, S.A. de C.V.
10 Aeropuerto de Tampico, S.A. de C.V.
12
11 Aeropuerto de Torreón, S.A. de C.V.
06
12 Aeropuerto de Zacatecas, S.A. de C.V.
10
Aeropuerto de Zihuatanejo, S.A. de C.V.
13 | 09
Hotel Services Subsidiaries
• Holding Consorcio Grupo Hotelero T2, S.A. de C.V.
H1 • Consorcio Grupo Hotelero T2, S.A. de C.V.
• Servicios Corporativos Terminal T2, S.A. de C.V.
• Consorcio Hotelero Aeropuerto Monterrey, S.A.P.I. de C.V.
H2
• Servicios Hoteleros Aeropuerto Monterrey, S.A. de C.V.
H1
Industrial Park Subsidiaries
IP OMA-VYNMSA Aero Industrial Park, S.A. de C.V.
Commercial Services3
13
CS OMA Logística, S.A. de C.V. (i)
01
Others4
Servicios Aeroportuarios del Centro Norte, S.A. de C.V.
Servicios Complementarios del Centro Norte, S.A. de C.V.
3 OMA Logística operates commercial businesses in our airports
Servicios Aero Especializados del Centro Norte, S.A. de C.V.
and the ground cargo warehouse at the Monterrey airport.
Operadora de Aeropuertos del Centro Norte, S.A. de C.V. 4 Other subsidiaries that provide services across all airports.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
12
<<page 13>>
O M A I N
5
N U M B E R S | 2 | 0 | 2 | 5
O P E R AT I O N A L P E R F O R M A N C E O M A’ S O V E R V I E W
8
National Airlines
28.8 M 24.5 M 4.2 M
13 | 210 | 22
14
Passengers Domestic International
Airports Domestic and Airlines
Served Passengers Passengers
International
Foreign Airlines
8.5% +
Routes
Passenger Traffic
Variation
R E V E N U E S B R E A K D O W N F I N A N C I A L P E R F O R M A N C E E M P L OY E E S
Aeronautical Revenues Adjusted EBITDA
+12.1%
10,191 Ps.
Non-Aeronautical Revenues
Adjusted EBITDA Margin | 74.5%
1,355
3,460 Ps.
REVENUES
• Commercial Activities 1,798 Ps. Employees
Investments Made 2,714 Ps.
• Diversification Activities 1,195 Ps.
• Complementary Activities 467 Ps.
Note: Figures expressed in MXN million.
5 The percentages presented are for performance with respect to comparative numbers from 2024.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
13
<<page 14>>
O U R P A S S E N G E R
T R A F F I C
B Y A I R P O R T B Y A I R L I N E
Monterrey Culiacán Ciudad Juárez Viva Volaris Grupo Aeroméxico
Chihuahua Mazatlán Others6 American Airlines United Airlines Others7
4.0%
2.1%
18.2% | 2024 | 2024
3.6%
3.9%
1.9%
17.8% | 3.4%
7.0% | 17.0%
19.6%
6.0%
51.2%
50.4%
6.8%
54.3% | 50.3%
BY A I R P O R T B Y A I R L I N E
7.0%
7.4%
23.3%
7.5%
8.1%
20.3%
2025 | 2025
8.4%
6 Other airports include: Acapulco, Durango, Tampico, Torreón, San Luis Potosí, Reynosa, Zacatecas, and Zihuatanejo.
7 Other airlines include: TAR Aerolíneas, Alaska Airlines, Delta, WestJet, Copa Airlines, Air Canada, among others.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
14
<<page 15>>
O U R
O P E R A T I O N S
[GRI 2-6]
Through its subsidiaries, OMA holds concessions to manage, operate, and
REVENUES FROM AERONAUTICAL SERVICES
develop 13 airports across northern and central Mexico under 50-year
concession agreements granted by the Mexican Government in 1998. Since
Aeronautical services represent the Company’s primary source of revenue.
the start of its airport operations in 2000, the Company has consolidated a
Revenues generated from these services are subject to the maximum tariff
network of strategic infrastructure assets that support connectivity, mobility,
regulation framework applicable to Mexican airports.
tourism, trade, and regional economic development across the country.
Aeronautical revenues are primarily derived from passenger charges, landing
As operator of its airport network, OMA generates revenues from
fees, aircraft parking charges, passenger walkway charges, and charges related
aeronautical services associated with the use of airport infrastructure by
to passenger and carry-on baggage screening.
airlines, passengers, and other users.
The level of aeronautical revenues is influenced mainly by passenger traffic
These activities are supported by five core operational principles:
volumes, aircraft movements, aircraft weight, the duration of aircraft stays at
the airport, operating schedules, and the tariffs applicable to each service.
REVENUES FROM NON-AERONAUTICAL SERVICES8
Historically, non-aeronautical services have generated a lower percentage of
Operational Safety Service Efficiency Passenger
the Company’s revenues compared to aeronautical services.
excellence Quality experience
The revenues from non-aeronautical services provided by OMA are principally
derived from (i) commercial activities, such as the leasing of space in our
Complementing its airport operations, OMA generates revenues through
airports to retailers, restaurants, and other services, such as maintaining and
commercial and diversification activities that expand the services available
operating parking facilities; VIP lounges and advertising; (ii) diversification
across its airport network. These activities include the leasing and operation
activities such as OMA Carga, hotel services, operation of the industrial park,
of commercial spaces for retail and food and beverage services, parking
as well as real estate services; and (iii) complementary activities that mainly
operations, the OMA Carga business, the NH Collection T2 Hotel, the
include the baggage screening system and leasing of certain areas to airlines
Hilton Garden Inn Hotel, and other complementary services associated with
and other clients.
logistics, hospitality, and infrastructure development.
8
In 2025, revenues from non-aeronautical services were comprised of: 52% commercial activities, 35% diversification activities, and 13% complementary activities.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
15
<<page 16>>
A I R P O R T
I N F O R M A T I O N
A E R O N A U T I C A L R E V E N U E S
by Airline
S10
A I R T R A F F I C M O V E M E N T
Viva Volaris Grupo Aeroméxico
Others9
American Airlines United Airlines | 2022 | 2023 | 2024 | 2025
by Type of Operation
8.3%
2024 Domestic | 258,912 | 268,419 | 263,369 | 282,055
International | 40,190 | 44,292 | 48,247 | 56,270
3.3%
Total | 299,102 | 312,711 | 311,616 | 338,325
by Type of Aviation
5.8% | 9.3%
Commercial Aviation | 196,997 | 210,366 | 206,418 | 231,060
3.4% General Aviation | 101,475 | 101,623 | 104,497 | 106,587
Charter Aviation | 630 | 722 | 701 | 678
5.8% Total | 299,102 | 312,711 | 311,616 | 338,325
43.3%
41.4%
T E R M I N A L PA S S E N G E R S
18.6% PE RC E N TAG E
O F A E RO N AU T I C A L
2022 | 2023 | 2024
2025
R E V E N U E S
by Origin and Destination
19.1%
Domestic | 20,506,631 | 23,556,815 | 22,728,094 | 24,517,504
International | 2,714,115 | 3,288,636 | 3,782,404 | 4,233,190
Total | 23,220,746 | 26,845,451 | 26,510,498 | 28,750,694
by Arrival and Departures
21.5%
Arrival | 11,757,714 | 13,559,635 | 13,404,246 | 14,442,312
Departures | 11,463,032 | 13,285,816 | 13,106,252 | 14,308,382
Total | 23,220,746 | 26,845,451 | 26,510,498 | 28,750,694
20.2%
2025
9 Other airlines include: TAR Aerolíneas, Alaska Airlines, Delta, WestJet, Copa Airlines, Air Canada, among others.
10 Air traffic movement is either a departure or an arrival of an aircraft.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
16
<<page 17>>
C O M M E R C I A L
N O N - A E R O N AU T I C A L B U S I N E S S O V E R V I E W | 2 | 0 | 2 | 5
A C T I V I T I E S
[GRI 2-6]
Others
Advertising
Includes communications and
Along with advertising
networks, shared time, hotel
providers, 900+ advertising
promotion, financial services and
spaces are available for sale.
passenger services.
7%
6%
2024
VIP Lounges
7%
20 lounges in 4,246 m2, of which 14 are
directly operated by OMA under the
5%
29%
OMA Premium Lounge brand.
Parking
One new lounge was under construction | 10% | 29%
Direct operation and
in Zihuatanejo during | 2025
management of parking areas
11%
across our airports.
CONTRIBUTION
OF COMMERCIAL
13%
REVENUES11
Retail and
12%
Duty Free | 2025
162+ spaces for
m2
retail | 6,991
20%
15%
Restaurants
19%
101+ spaces for local and
international franchises
Car Rental 11,175 m2.
244+ spaces of reservations, | 17%
VIP services, delivery offices
and vehicle shelter spaces.
2025
11
Percentage of commercial revenues as of the end of 2025.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
17
<<page 18>>
D I V E R S I F I C A T I O N
N O N - A E R O N AU T I C A L B U S I N E S S O V E R V I E W | 2 | 0 | 2 | 5
A C T I V I T I E S
Real Estate and Others
Other Services
Real estate activities include a strip
mall, a gas station and office rentals at
the Monterrey airport, among others.
3%
4%
2024
12%
3%
4%
Hilton Garden Inn
39%
11%
85% Stake in a 134-room hotel
at the Monterrey airport under
OMA Carga
the Hilton Garden Inn brand.
Three bonded warehouses for
38%
cargo logistics services:
i. Monterrey | (2)
12%
ii. Chihuahua
16%
PERCENTAGE OF
DIVERSIFIC ATION
RE VENUES12
2025
Industrial Park
Monterrey
2025
Since 2015, OMA has had a
51% stake in the industrial
28%
park, which includes
19 warehouses and a total
m2.
leasable area of | 140,955
30%
NH Collection T2
90% Stake in a 287-room
hotel inside Terminal 2 of
Mexico City airport.
12 Percentage of diversification revenues at the end of 2025.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
18
<<page 19>>
INTRODUCING
M O N T E R R E Y Founded Founded in in | 1970 | 1970
A I R P O R T
General Mariano Escobedo
International Airport
Connectivity: Connectivity:
Fifteen airlines serving
66 direct destinations,
Location: Location:
including 39 domestic and
27 international routes
Monterrey, Nuevo León,
approximately 21 kilometers
from downtown
Clean Clean energy energy
infrastructure: infrastructure:
Passengers Passengers
1,000 kWp solar capacity and
served: served:
49,148 kWh battery storage
15,623,275 in | 2025
Economic Economic and and
Infrastructure: Infrastructure:
tourism tourism relevance: relevance:
Two runways and three
Key hub for corporate
passenger terminals.
travel, trade, logistics, and
Primary runway length
nearshoring activity in
3,000 meters
northern Mexico
Airport Airport Area Area
/ / Commercial Commercial Area Area
Terminal A: 41,584 m² / 4,508 m²
Terminal B: 20,973 m² / 2,906 m²
Terminal C: 18,626 m² / 2,179 m²
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
119 | 9
<<page 20>>
I N F R A S T R U C T U R E
P R O J E C T S
EXECUTION | 2025
Committed 2026-2030 Investment
Expansion
Ps. 7,969 M (2025 pesos)
Monterrey Airport
Increased capacity from
OMA continued advancing the transformation of Monterrey International Airport through an ambitious expansion and
15.5 M - 19.5 M passengers per year
modernization program designed to strengthen its operational capacity, enhance the passenger experience, and further
consolidate its position as one of Mexico’s leading connectivity hubs.
Net Terminal Area from
During 2025, projects such as the Temporary Departure Lounge and the Regional Satellite Lounge were completed.
81,183 m2 - 104,178 m2
Construction also continued on the new Central Departure Hall in Terminal A, the Terminal A Connection Bridge, and the
complementary works associated with Finger 1. In addition, strategic projects including the Kilo Apron and the Regional
Control Center were initiated during the year.
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
20 | 20
<<page 21>>
I N F R A S T R U C T U R E
P R O J E C T S
EXECUTION | 2025
K E Y I N F R A S T R U C T U R E P R O J E C T S A N D O U T C O M E S
Throughout 2025, OMA continued implementing infrastructure projects across its airport network, ranging from terminal expansions
to facility reconfigurations designed to support future growth and enhance operational performance. The following table summarizes
selected projects and their current status:
Expansion Reconfiguration
Culiacán Airport Torreón Airport Mazatlán Airport Ciudad Juárez Airport
The expansion and renovation of the The Torreón Airport expansion project This project was completed during the The reconfiguration of the terminal
Culiacán Airport terminal building is
is currently under development and is second quarter of 2026 (2Q26) and is building at Ciudad Juárez Airport was
expected to be completed during the expected to be completed during the first currently in operation. completed and inaugurated in 2025.
second quarter of 2027 (2Q27).
quarter of 2027 (1Q27).
Investment
Ps.1,100M Ps.169M Ps.189M Ps.625M
Increased capacity from
1.9M to 3.4M passengers 0.8M to 0.9M passengers 2.0M to 2.2M passengers 1.0M to 2.3M passengers
Net Terminal Area from
m2 m2 m2 m2
12,128 to 24,814 5,515 to | 6,259 | 2 | 2 | 2 | 2
18,710 m to 20,630 m 6,210 m to 14,277 m
OMA Premium Lounges (VIP Areas) Industrial Park
A new premium lounge was inaugurated at Torreón Airport in In 2025, OMA completed the construction of a 5,071 m²
2025, further enhancing the passenger experience. industrial building. As of December 31, 2025, the industrial
The network operated 14 OMA Premium lounges as of year-end. park consisted of 19 warehouses, achieving an overall
occupancy rate of 99%.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
21
<<page 22>>
C E R T I F I C A T I O N S
A N D A W A R D S
Sustainable management at OMA focuses on fulfilling business objectives, During 2025, the Company continued advancing the implementation and
guaranteeing safety, respecting people, and protecting the environment. It standardization of management processes under the IMS framework,
also incorporates proactive management of risks and opportunities, efficient strengthening the integration of operational, environmental, and occupational
use of resources (energy, water, waste and biodiversity), and continuous health and safety practices across its airports. These efforts support OMA’s
improvement of processes. As part of VINCI Airports, we follow best objective of achieving IMS certification in 2026 and reinforce a culture
international practices and we work actively to develop our own integrated of operational excellence, continuous improvement, and responsible
management system, using a holistic approach that allows us to coherently management throughout the organization.
articulate the different efforts and standards applied in each area.
INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (IMS)
The IMS is structured around three key areas:
At OMA, we continue to advance the development and implementation
• Service management: passenger assistance and information,
of an Integrated Management System (IMS) that brings together key
safety, and operational control
elements of our operational and sustainability approach, including
• Facilities and equipment management: cleaning, supply,
Quality, Safety, Occupational Health, Environmental Protection, Social
and preventive and corrective maintenance
Responsibility, and Energy Management. The IMS is intended to strengthen
• Commercial space management: operation of commercial
governance, promote continuous improvement, and support the consistent
premises and parking facilities
management of risks, opportunities, and operational performance across
the organization.
Designed in alignment with international best practices and the
Through this initiative, OMA seeks to strengthen the efficiency, reliability, and
commitments adopted as part of VINCI Airports, the system covers
sustainability of its operations while supporting the well-being of passengers,
administrative and operational activities within airport terminals, including
employees, business partners, and the communities where it operates.
passenger and baggage processes, cleaning, maintenance, and parking
operations, as well as corporate offices and the 13 airports that comprise
OMA’s network.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
22
<<page 23>>
INTRODUCING
Founded Founded in in | 1947 | 1947
C I U D A D J U Á R E Z
A I R P O R T
Abraham González International Airport
Clean Clean energy energy
infrastructure: infrastructure:
Location: Location: 1,246 kWp solar
capacity and 2,000 kWh
Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua, battery storage
near the U.S. border
Connectivity: Connectivity:
Four airlines and | 12
Passengers Passengers
domestic destinations
served: served:
2,132,786 in | 2025
Infrastructure: Infrastructure:
2 runways and 3 taxiways.
Primary runway measuring
Economic Economic and and
2,700 meters
cross-border cross-border relevance: relevance:
Strategic gateway for industrial activity
and workforce mobility between
Built Built area: area: Mexico and the United States
14,277 m² terminal
infrastructure, including 1,052 m²
of commercial space
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
23 | 23
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
<<page 24>>
Civil Aerodrome CSR Airport Carbon
Certification Award Accreditation
The International Civil Aviation For 15 consecutive years, OMA OMA continues to strengthen its climate action strategy through the Airport
Organization (ICAO) plays a key has been recognized as a Socially Carbon Accreditation (ACA) program, the leading global carbon management
role in standardizing international Responsible Company by the framework for the airport industry. In 2025, all 13 airports in the Group
civil aviation by issuing rules Mexican Center for Philanthropy maintained Level 3 “Optimization” accreditation granted by Airports Council
and recommendations through (CEMEFI) and the Alliance for International for Latin America and the Caribbean (ACI-LAC), marking the
documents and annexes which serve Corporate Social Responsibility second consecutive year in which OMA’s entire airport network has achieved
as a reference for best practices when (AliaRSE). this level of recognition.
domestic standards are lacking.
Under the institution’s new quality Maintaining this accreditation reflects the Company’s ongoing efforts to
As of 2025, 12 of our 13 airports assurance process for evidence, improve carbon management practices, engage stakeholders in emissions
were certified under Annex 14 of the we reaffirm our commitment to reduction initiatives, and advance its decarbonization strategy in alignment with
Convention on International Civil meeting the required standards the environmental commitments of VINCI Airports. OMA will continue working
Aviation, as well as under applicable while providing transparency and to strengthen its carbon management approach and progress toward higher
national regulations issued by the accountability in our social and levels of accreditation as part of its long-term commitment to climate action and
Federal Civil Aviation Agency (AFAC). environmental performance. the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions across its operations.
Safe Company SMS Certification - Operational
Award Safety Management
This distinction was awarded to 10 of our airports by Mexico’s Ministry of This certification is granted by the Federal Civil Aviation Agency (AFAC), a
Labor and Social Welfare (STPS) in recognition of organizations that provide decentralized administrative body of the Ministry of Infrastructure, Communications
safe workplaces for their employees through effective strategies aimed at and Transportation (SICT). Its purpose is to verify the Safety Management System
preventing occupational accidents and work-related illnesses. (SMS), which ensures safe airport operations through effective risk management
based on applicable regulations.
Safe Company Level 3 certification continues to distinguish the airports of
Acapulco, Ciudad Juárez, Monterrey, Zihuatanejo, Culiacán, Mazatlán, San As of year-end 2025, 12 of OMA’s 13 airports had obtained SMS Certification.
Luis Potosí, and Torreón. These airports have maintained this distinction The Company’s objective is to achieve certification across all 13 airports in | 2026,
for more than 13 consecutive years. In addition, Zacatecas Airport holds reinforcing its commitment to operational safety, quality, and the continuous
Level 2 certification, while Reynosa Airport holds Level 1 certification. These improvement of airport operations.
recognitions reflect OMA’s sustained commitment to occupational health and
safety, risk prevention, and employee well-being.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
24
<<page 25>>
United Nations Carbon
Global Compact Disclosure Project
As a participant in the United Nations OMA continued to advance its climate disclosure efforts
Global Compact, the world’s largest through participation in the 2025 CDP Climate Change
corporate sustainability initiative, questionnaire, receiving a C score and a B- for Water
OMA reinforces its commitment Security. The assessment evaluates an organization’s
to responsible business conduct governance, strategy, risk management, targets, and
and sustainable development. The actions related to climate change.
Company’s actions are guided
by the Global Compact’s Ten Participation in CDP supports OMA’s efforts to
Principles, which promote respect strengthen climate-related disclosures, enhance
for human rights, fair labor practices, transparency, and continue building the capabilities
environmental responsibility, and required to address evolving sustainability reporting
ethical business behavior. expectations, including those associated with
climate-related financial disclosures.
Inspirational
Cultures Mexico
For the second consecutive year, OMA was recognized through the “Inspirational Cultures Mexico”
distinction granted by the Mexican Institute of Institutional Culture and Workplace Climate. This
recognition reflects the Company’s commitment to fostering a people-centered culture focused on
well-being, engagement, leadership development, and organizational excellence.
This distinction reflects OMA’s efforts to promote workplace environments that strengthen collaboration,
inclusion, professional growth, and long-term employee development, in alignment with the Company’s
values and commitment to operational excellence.
The assessment methodology supporting this recognition is aligned with the international standard ISO/
IEC 17067:2013, which establishes requirements for certification schemes and governance. This framework
helps ensure consistency, transparency, and rigor in the evaluation of workplace culture and organizational
practices.
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
25 | 25
<<page 26>>
A F F I L I A T I O N S W I T H
T R A D E A S S O C I A T I O N S
AND CORPOR ATE CHAMBERS
[GRI 2-28]
• Transformation Industry Chamber (CAINTRA)
• American Chamber of Commerce of Mexico (AmCham)
• Mexican Employers’ Confederation (COPARMEX)
• Association of Human Capital Professionals (ERIAC)
• Institute of Public Accountants of Nuevo León (ICPNL)
• Local Committee for Mutual Help (CLAM)
• Binational Council for Economic Development of Reynosa (COBIFER)
• Trust for Tourist Promotion (FIDETUR)
• Council for Economic Development of Sinaloa (CODESIN)
• Logistics Cluster
• Tourism Cluster
• Mexican Association of Travel Agencies in Nuevo León
• Association of Hotels in Monterrey
• Conventions and Visitors Bureau of Monterrey
• National Chamber for the Transformation Industry (CANACINTRA)
• National Chamber of Commerce, Services, and Tourism (CANACO)
• French-Mexican Chamber of Commerce and Industry
(CCI France Mexico)
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
26
<<page 27>>
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
27
<<page 28>>
S U S T A I N A B L E
D E V E L O P M E N T A T O M A
[GRI 2-28, 3-3]
In 2025, OMA commemorated 25 years of connecting people, destinations,
BUILDING MORE RESILIENT AIRPORTS
and opportunities across Mexico. Throughout this period, the Company
has contributed to the economic and social development of the regions
Airports face increasingly complex challenges related to climate change,
where it operates, facilitating the movement of millions of passengers
resource availability, and the preservation of natural environments. To
while strengthening competitiveness, tourism, and investment across the
address these challenges and support the long-term resilience of our
territories served by its airport network.
operations, OMA focuses its environmental strategy on three priorities
aligned with VINCI Airports’ environmental ambitions:
This growth has been accompanied by a long-term vision that recognizes
the responsibility of operating essential infrastructure in a safe, efficient,
and sustainable manner. At OMA, we believe that the development of air
mobility must create lasting benefits for people and communities while
responding to the environmental, social, and governance (ESG) challenges
01 | 02 | 03
facing our industry.
Today, as part of VINCI Airports, the world’s largest private airport network, Climate Responsible Ecosystem and
Change Resource Biodiversity
we share a vision focused on advancing more sustainable mobility and
and Energy Management and Conservation
accelerating the environmental transition of the airport sector.
Transition Circular Economy
Under this vision, sustainability is embedded in the management of our
business and in the decisions that support the growth of our airport
network. Through corporate policies, management systems, certifications,
oversight mechanisms, and stakeholder engagement processes, we
promote a responsible, safe, and efficient operation aligned with our OMA celebrates 25 years
commitment to creating sustainable value for people, communities, and the
regions where we operate.
of advancing connectivity, regional
prosperity, and sustainable
development across Mexico.
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
28 | 28
<<page 29>>
S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y
G O V E R N A N C E
[GRI 2-9, 2-12, 2-13, 2-14]
Sustainability governance at OMA provides oversight of the
environmental, social, and governance matters relevant to the
Company and supports the monitoring of commitments, objectives,
and performance indicators associated with their management. This
oversight is carried out through a structure that involves the Board
of Directors, its supporting committees, corporate functions, and
airport administrations, promoting coordination and accountability
across the organization.
The Board of Directors is supported by the Corporate Practices,
Finance, Planning and Sustainability Committee, which reviews
policies, guidelines, strategic initiatives, and sustainability-related
matters. In turn, the Audit Committee oversees the internal control
system, risk management processes, and the reliability of information
disclosed to the market.
The implementation of sustainability initiatives is supported by
corporate and operational areas across the organization, which
contribute to performance monitoring, information management,
and the execution of actions related to OMA’s sustainability priorities.
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
29 | 29
<<page 30>>
O R G A N I Z A T I O N A L C H A R T
F O R O M A E S G A R E A S
[GRI 2-9]
Board of
Directors
Corporate Practices,
Audit
Finance, Planning and
Committee
Sustainability Committee
Chief Executive
Officer
Chief Human Chief
General
Technical Capital Financial
Counsel
Officer Director Officer
Head of Health Talent
Sustainability Maintenance Energy and Occupational
Investor Relations
Manager Director Decarbonization Safety and Safety Development
Manager Manager Manager
(MDP
construction 7 Regional Human
Deputy
Projects) Capital Leaders
Environmental
and 2 Human
Protection
Capital Deputy
Manager
Managers
Strategy definition, Energy Management, Decarbonization, Occupational Health and Communication, Financing, Code of Ethics, Legal,
Environmental Compliance, Wastewater Treatment Plants Workplace Environment, Human Reporting, and Compliance and
(WWTPs), Energy Efficiency, PPA Administration, and HSRE Capital Development and Training ESG Projects Anticorruption
Management at Construction Sites.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
30
<<page 31>>
O M A ’ S S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y
G U I D E L I N E S
OMA’s ESG commitments are contained in its Sustainability Policy, Within these guidelines, OMA’s management principles, commitments,
which establishes the principles that guide the Company’s approach to and objectives are structured around three strategic pillars:
ethics, corporate governance, social responsibility, and environmental
management. Through this framework, OMA promotes responsible
business practices and supports the creation of long-term value for
employees, customers, shareholders, business partners, and the
communities where it operates.
01 | 02 | 03
Business ethics and Social Environment
corporate governance
SUSTAINABILIT Y POLICY COMMITMENTS
Business Ethics and Corporate Governance Social Environment
• To establish economic, corporate, environmental, and social • To respect universally recognized fundamental human rights • To systematically integrate a preventive focus that seeks to
performance in line with OMA’s Code of Ethics, adopting • To operate within a framework of social responsibility protect the environment in all our activities
best practices and complying with applicable domestic and • To help achieve social balance among our stakeholders • To promote values and share best environmental practices
international standards • To respect diversity and promote equal opportunities with stakeholders
• To efficiently control the risks for which the Company is • To promote inclusion at work for those with disabilities • To establish objectives to prevent environmental
directly responsible • To promote a workplace that contributes to a better quality of contamination
• To promote a culture that fights corruption life for employees • To seek to reuse, repurpose, and recycle materials
• To be accountable to our stakeholders, on a regular and • To establish occupational risk-prevention objectives that • To mitigate the environmental impact of our operations on
transparent basis allow us to reach our goal of zero accidents at work and zero water, air, soil, biodiversity, noise, waste, energy and climate
occupational illnesses • To mitigate impacts to biodiversity arising from our operations
• To stimulate individual and collective performance, • To educate employees about the importance and benefits of
developing our employees’ skills protecting and preserving biodiversity at airports and areas of
• To train our employees in the principles of Quality, Health and influence
Safety, Environment, and Social Responsibility, so they will be • To identify species of flora and fauna present at airports to
able to face the challenges of our business and our community establish conservation priorities
• To work with external entities and government agencies to
protect and recover areas of ecological importance inside and
outside our facilities
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
31
<<page 32>>
INTRODUCING
Location: Location:
Founded Founded in in | 1954 | 1954
A C A P U L C O
Acapulco, Guerrero,
A I R P O R T approximately 15 kilometers
from downtown
General Juan N. Álvarez
International Airport
Connectivity: Connectivity:
Seven airlines.
Eight direct destinations,
including five domestic and
Passengers Passengers
three international routes.
served: served:
684,452 in | 2025
Clean Clean energy energy
infrastructure: infrastructure:
Infrastructure: Infrastructure: 648 kWp solar capacity and
2,000 kWh battery storage
Two runways and six taxiways.
Primary runway measuring
3,300 meters
Economic Economic and and
tourism tourism relevance: relevance:
Built Built area: area: One of Mexico’s most
recognized tourism
15,493 m² terminal
destinations and a key cruise
infrastructure, including | 1,828
port on the Pacific coast
m² of commercial space
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
32 | 32
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
<<page 33>>
M A T E R I A L I T Y A N A L Y S I S A N D
S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y S T R A T E G Y
[GRI 3-1, 3-2]
OMA’s Materiality Analysis serves as a framework for identifying and These priorities guide the Company’s actions, investments, and sustainability
prioritizing the environmental, social, and governance matters that commitments, allowing OMA to focus its efforts on the issues with
are most relevant to the Company and its stakeholders. This process the greatest relevance to its operations, stakeholders, and long-term
supports sustainability management, informs decision-making, development.
and contributes to the development of strategic priorities aligned
with OMA’s business objectives and VINCI Airports’ sustainability As part of its continuous improvement efforts, during 2025 OMA initiated
approach. work on a Double Materiality Assessment. This process is intended to
complement the Company’s existing materiality approach by incorporating
The current Materiality Analysis remains the foundation of OMA’s additional perspectives related to sustainability impacts, risks, and
Sustainability Strategy and identifies 12 material topics grouped into opportunities. The results of this assessment are expected to be completed
three strategic pillars: during 2026 and will support the continued evolution of OMA’s sustainability
management and strategy.
As part of these efforts, OMA continued preparing for the implementation
and and Business Business
Governance of the IFRS Sustainability Disclosure Standards (IFRS S1 and IFRS S2), issued
by the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB), in accordance
with the sustainability-related disclosure requirements established by the
National Banking and Securities Commission (CNBV) for publicly listed
companies in Mexico. These efforts contribute to strengthening governance,
the the Planet Planet
risk management, and sustainability-related information processes across the
Protecting
organization.
Through the implementation of its Sustainability Strategy, OMA integrates
material topics into corporate management and strategic planning,
and and the the Communities Communities
strengthening its ability to create long-term value, manage emerging
Our people
challenges, and contribute to sustainable development in the regions where
it operates.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
33
<<page 34>>
OMA’S 12 MATERIAL TOPICS
OMA’s Materiality Matrix comprises three strategic pillars: Governance and Business, Our People and Communities, and Protecting the Planet.
Within these pillars, 12 material topics have been prioritized according to their relevance to OMA and its stakeholders.
OMA MATERIALIT Y MATRIX
BUSINESS RELEVANCE
Business
Diversity Climate change
ethics
and inclusion
Natural
environment
Governance
and Business E
C
Contribution to
N
Employability and
communities
A Health, safety
skills development
V and security
E of employees,
L
temporary staff and
E
R contractors
Focus on client and
R
Protecting
E passenger experience
the Planet D
L
O
H
E
Relationship with Human
K
A suppliers and Rights
T contractors
Our people and S
the Communities
Circular Quality of life
economy
and well-being
PRIORITY HIGH PRIORITY MAXIMUM PRIORITY
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
34
<<page 35>>
STAKEHOLDERS
[GRI 2-29]
OMA’s operations require ongoing engagement with a diverse range of
In an increasingly interconnected world, stakeholder engagement stakeholders, from passengers and customers to employees, suppliers,
authorities, investors, and the communities where we operate.
plays a fundamental role in understanding expectations, strengthening
relationships, and creating long-term value. Dialogue with stakeholders
not only helps build trust but also provides valuable insights that support To facilitate this dialogue, the Company maintains various communication
and engagement mechanisms that enable us to identify, understand, and
decision-making and contribute to the identification of risks, opportunities,
and emerging sustainability priorities. address stakeholder needs and expectations. The information gathered
through these interactions supports continuous improvement efforts and
contributes to the review and evolution of OMA’s sustainability priorities.
STAKEHOLDER GROUPS
Decision Makers Human Resources Shareholders Clients and
and Government and Operations and Investors Passengers
• Federal government • Unionized personnel • VINCI, VINCI Concessions • Clients (airlines and
• State and municipal governments • Non-unionized personnel & VINCI Airports commercial tenants)
• Mexican Federal Civil Aviation Agency • Unions • Shareholders • Users / passengers
(AFAC) • Investors
• Navigation Services in Mexican Airspace • Board of Directors
• Airports and Auxiliary Services (ASA) • Financial institutions (banks)
• National Banking and Securities • Stock market indices
Commission (CNBV)
• Customs Authority
Trade Environment Value Chain Community
Associations
• Chambers of Commerce (COPARMEX, • Planet - Environment • Suppliers – contractors • Community - Society
CAINTRA, CANACO, AMERICAN • Certifying entities • Ground-support companies • Means of communication
CHAMBER) • Fuel Supply (Internet, print, radio, TV)
• Employee family
• Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs)
• Educational institutions
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
35
<<page 36>>
O M A S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y
S T R A T E G Y | 2 | 0 | 3 | 0
[GRI 3-2]
OMA’s Sustainability Strategy 2030 is guided by the Company’s
Materiality Analysis, business objectives, and the sustainability
commitments shared as part of VINCI Airports. The strategy provides
a framework for integrating environmental, social, and governance
(ESG) considerations into decision-making, business management,
and the long-term development of our airport network.
The strategy focuses on the ESG matters that are most relevant to
OMA and its stakeholders, enabling the Company to strengthen
operational resilience, manage sustainability-related risks and
opportunities, and create long-term value for the regions and
communities where it operates.
As part of VINCI Airports, OMA also contributes to the Group’s
environmental ambitions, including the transition toward
lower carbon operations, the responsible management of natural
resources, the preservation of biodiversity, and the achievement
of the Net Zero objective by 2050.
Looking ahead, OMA expects to further strengthen its Sustainability
Strategy in 2026 through the incorporation of insights derived from
the Double Materiality Assessment currently under development.
These insights will complement the Company’s existing approach
and support the continued evolution of its sustainability priorities,
commitments, and long-term objectives.
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
36 | 36
<<page 37>>
P R I O R I T Y O F
M A T E R I A L T O P I C S
[GRI 2-22]
We present our strategic focus based on the 12 material topics. For each of these topics, OMA has developed strategic guidelines and performance
indicators that align with VINCI’s environmental and social objectives. This focus not only reflects our current commitments but also inspires and guides us
toward our Sustainability vision for 2050.
M A X I M U M P R I O R I T Y H I G H P R I O R I T Y A N D P R I O R I T Y
Consolidation of sustainable and lasting relationships of shared values, with
RELATIONSHIP WITH SUPPLIERS
Commitment to the highest ethical standards in accordance a focus on responsible purchasing according to social and environmental
AND CONTRACTORS
with conduct and corporate governance best practices, criteria, providing the best products and services.
through a robust system of policies, processes, and practices
BUSINESS ETHICS
Modern airport infrastructure and services that are safe, innovative, and
in managing the business and stakeholders, ensuring results,
FOCUS ON CUSTOMER AND sustainable, and that consider long-term growth in traffic, as well as global
reducing risks, consolidating the Group’s reputation, and
PASSENGER EXPERIENCE trends in the provision of services, to offer the best service to clients and
growing the business.
passengers.
Team development strategy that integrates career plans, comprehensive
EMPLOYABILITY AND SKILLS
training, soft skills development and professionalization that enhance talent
DEVELOPMENT
and competencies to boost the potential of each person within the company.
A matter of the highest relevance, with a holistic and strategic
HEALTH, SAFETY AND SECURITY
viewpoint, overseen by the highest level in the Company to
OF EMPLOYEES, TEMPORARY A perspective backed by the highest level of the organization that supports
ensure compliance and adherence to ambitious standards that
STAFF AND CONTRACTORS
equality and equal opportunities, and that prevents any type of discrimination,
reduce risks, and protect the lives, health and safety of people. DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
ensuring inclusive work environments where everyone can develop to their
highest potential.
Creation of safe and healthy areas for a good work-life balance, with a focus
on employees’ quality of life, where they have space to pursue both personal
QUALITY OF LIFE AND
WELL-BEING
Responsible management that promotes respect for the and professional development, understanding the multidimensional reality of
individuals.
rights of everyone, including those inside the organization
HUMAN RIGHTS
and stakeholders in the operation, supported by policies and
Efficient Resource Management system that seeks to attain maximum efficiency
indicators on our culture.
CIRCULAR ECONOMY and maximize waste recovery to achieve zero waste to landfill target, towards
a circular economy that involves contractors, suppliers, clients, and passengers.
Recognizing the value of water and biodiversity, as well as their relevance to
Long-term strategy that focuses on adaptation to climate
NATURAL ENVIRONMENT operations, and ensuring that the environmental footprint of all the services we
change, energy efficiency, and on reducing greenhouse gas
provide to clients and passengers is assessed and reduced.
emissions pursuant to scientific methodologies for recording,
CLIMATE CHANGE measurement, mitigation, and offset through innovation and Commitment to the communities where we operate, to drive sustainable
technology that improve airport infrastructure in order to CONTRIBUTION TO development that includes programs for stimulation, support, and growth, in
comply with OMA’s sustainability commitments within the COMMUNITIES which OMA’s volunteers are encouraged to engage with supported causes,
context of global requirements. and to work hand in hand with non-profit organizations.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
37
<<page 38>>
O M A ’ S C O M M I T M E N T
T O T H E S U S T A I N A B L E
DEVELOPMENT GOAL S
[GRI 2-22, 2-24]
OMA recognizes the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) as
a global framework for addressing the environmental, social, and
governance challenges facing society. Through its Sustainability
Strategy and business operations, the Company seeks to
contribute to the 2030 Agenda by generating sustainable value
for its stakeholders and the regions where it operates.
The Company’s sustainability commitments are aligned with
priorities such as climate action, energy efficiency, responsible
resource management, biodiversity conservation, human rights,
diversity and inclusion, occupational health and safety, and
community development.
These efforts also support OMA’s contribution to VINCI Airports’
environmental ambitions, including the achievement of the Net
Zero objective by 2050.
To guide these efforts, OMA has identified the SDGs where it can
make the most meaningful contribution through its operations,
investments, and sustainability initiatives, as shown on the
following page:
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
38
<<page 39>>
OMA IS TAKING ACTION ON THE FOLLOWING UN - SDGS:
SDG SDG Targets OMA’s Material Topics
Strategic Goals and Lines
• Career plans for women starting at entry level
• Implement a Female Leadership Program
5.1 • Develop a training plan on handling diversity
• Diversity and inclusion
5.2 • Integrate women into the airport administrators development program
• Identify and train female talent for director and management positions
• 30% of women in management positions by | 2030
• Implement rainwater capture systems
6.3 • Perform a feasibility analysis for establishing closed water systems
• Natural environment
• Optimize water consumption, especially for areas that experience water stress, with a 50% reduction by | 2030
6.4
• Eliminate usage of Phytosanitary products, with a 100% reduction by | 2025
• Net Zero by 2050 for the entire Group
7.2
• Climate Change • Reduce Scope 1 and 2 by two-thirds by 2030 (Baseline 2018)
7.3
• Measure Scope 3 emissions and set future targets
• Health, safety and security of employees,
• Implement programs to attract talent and leadership
8.3 temporary staff and contractors
• Improve occupational health and safety standards
8.7 • Employability and skills development
• Zero work-related accidents at all levels
8.8 • Human Rights
• Deploy an action plan based on Due Diligence findings including training for employees and supply chain
• Quality of life and well-being
• Climate change • Draft operating efficiency analysis for building construction
9.4 • Natural environment • Perform feasibility analysis to establish closed water systems
• Implement support program for schools in the surrounding municipalities involving contractors and suppliers
• Contribution to communities
12.4
• Circular economy program with suppliers and contractors
12.5
• Circular Economy • Use and reuse asphalt in repaving
12.6
• Incorporate certified suppliers in handling hazardous and non-hazardous waste
12.8
• Strengthen resilient and sustainable infrastructure
13.1 • Climate Change
• Perform climate risk analysis and implement adaptation action plans
• Develop and distribute sustainability policies (protecting the air, water, and soil)
• Perform studies on specific flora and fauna at each airport
15.3
• Natural environment • Train ground support companies, airlines, and jet fuel providers to minimize leaks that contaminate the soil
15.5
• Consolidate the Environmental Management Units of Monterrey and Zihuatanejo
• Roll out high-impact reforestation projects
• Reinforce use of the complaints hotline
• Comply with the anticorruption and money-laundering law
• Business ethics
• Reinforce ethics and transparency in business relationships
• Relationships with suppliers and contractors
16.5 • Improve fair contracting practices
• Focus on the client and passenger experience
• Develop an internal and external human rights policy for contractors and suppliers
• Human Rights
• Train airport personnel, authorities, contractors, and suppliers on human rights matters, equity and inclusion,
and health and safety
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
39
<<page 40>>
P R O G R E S S I N O M A ’ S
E S G G O A L S T O | 2 | 0 | 3 | 0
At OMA and
VINCI Airports,
[GRI 2-22]
we aspire to
achieve
As part of OMA’s Sustainability Strategy, the Company defined
the Net Zero
commitments to comply with the goals defined both by VINCI and by its
target by | 2050
subsidiaries VINCI Concessions and VINCI Airports.
OMA also has objectives that focus on improving management and ESG
performance, which it will be publishing in future reports, along with
progress in its Sustainability Strategy.
The following shows the advances made in the goals by the end of 2025:
ESG Pillar Material topics OMA goals Progress Toward 2030 Goals (%)
0% | 50% | 100%
Protecting the Planet
Reduction of 2/3 of Scope 1 and | 2
emissions by 2030 (baseline: 2018)
100%
Domestic Climate change
58% reduction in Scope 1 and | 2
emissions per passenger by | 2025
(baseline: 2018) | 100%
50% reduction in water consumption
per passenger (liters/PAX)
59%
International Natural environment
Zero phytosanitary products in use
by 2025i
100%
Circular economy Zero waste to landfill by | 2030
Total
6%
Our Our people people and and the the communities communities
Health, safety and security
Strive for zero work-related
Arrival of employees, temporary | 0%
accidents
staff and contractors
Increase the percentage of women
Departures Diversity and inclusion in leadership positions to 30% by
70%
2030
i For the phytosanitary product reduction indicator, VINCI set a 100% reduction target by 2025, a goal that OMA has achieved since 2023.
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
40 | 40
<<page 41>>
INTRODUCING
Z I H U A T A N E J O
Founded Founded in in | 1950 | 1950
A I R P O R T
Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo International Airport
Connectivity: Connectivity:
Eleven airlines serving
17 direct destinations,
Location: Location:
including six domestic and
eleven international routes
Zihuatanejo, Guerrero,
approximately 12 kilometers
from downtown
Clean Clean energy energy
infrastructure: infrastructure:
Passengers Passengers
served: served: 600 kWp solar capacity and
2,606 kWh battery storage
733,616 in | 2025
Infrastructure: Infrastructure:
One runway and two taxiways.
Primary runway measuring Economic Economic and and
2,506 meters tourism tourism relevance: relevance:
Strategic tourism gateway
with hotel, marina, golf,
and residential tourism
infrastructure
Built Built area: area:
11,579 m² terminal
infrastructure, including
1,205 m² of commercial space
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
41 | 41
<<page 42>>
R I S K
M A N A G E M E N T
RISKS REL ATED TO
THE COMPANY’S ACTIVITIES
[GRI 2-23, 2-24, 2-25, 207-2]
[SASB SV-PS-230a.1]
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for
As OMA operates in a dynamic environment
monitoring the principal risks to which the Company is
shaped by evolving market conditions, regulatory exposed. To this end, it relies on the Audit Committee,
developments, and sustainability challenges, which is the body responsible for determining and
effective risk management is essential to
managing risks to ensure continuity of the business; it also
safeguarding operational continuity and establishes accounting, control, and internal audit systems
supporting long-term value creation. to monitor the risk administration process, and to oversee
and approve the results.
OMA’s risk management framework comprises two
complementary processes. The first focuses on the In 2025, OMA continued preparing for the implementation
identification, assessment, and mitigation of risks
of IFRS S1 and IFRS S2 by strengthening internal processes
inherent to airport operations and business activities. and cross-functional coordination. These efforts
The second integrates sustainability-related risks and support the identification, assessment, monitoring, and
opportunities associated with the Company’s ESG
disclosure of sustainability- and climate-related risks and
strategy, including environmental, social, governance, opportunities, while enhancing the Company’s readiness
and climate-related matters. to address future reporting requirements.
During 2025, OMA further strengthened its OMA’s risk classification methodology has five categories:
sustainability risk management by assessing
sustainability-related risks and opportunities
1. Compliance
in alignment with the principles of IFRS S1 and 2. Operating
IFRS S2. This exercise enhanced the Company’s 3. Financial
understanding of potential impacts arising from
4. Market
climate-related physical and transition risks, as 5. Strategic
well as broader sustainability matters that could
influence business performance, operational
In its 2025 risk analysis, OMA identified 75 risks, which
resilience, and long-term value creation. were placed on a heat map, based on an evaluation of
probability and impact. This model facilitated classification,
management, and projection of financial impacts, helping
us to ensure successful operation.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
42
<<page 43>>
Material Topics Risk/Opportunity
RISKS REL ATED TO
GOVERNANCE AND BUSINESS
ESG SUSTAINABILIT Y
STRATEGY
Compliance with contracts, antitrust law, Sarbanes-Oxley Law, Code of Ethics, Anti-Corruption Code of
Conduct, local and international laws applicable to listed companies, changes in the Mexico–United States
To manage sustainability-related relationship, including immigration, trade, and tariff policies, affecting passenger and cargo traffic. Legal and
Business ethics
administrative contingencies.
risks within the strategy developed,
Fraud and illegal activities.
and based on the Materiality
Cybersecurity. Unauthorized access to systems and information resulting in data alteration, deletion, or loss.
Analysis updated in 2023, the ISO
31000:2018 methodology was Relationship with suppliers and contractors Supply chain sustainability compliance.
used as a reference.
Comply with service and infrastructure expectations required by customers and passengers.
Affectation of air traffic due to insecurity in the country.
Through this process, a map of Focus on client and passenger experience Infrastructure maintenance and modernization challenges, including connectivity failures, affecting
current and potential risks linked operational continuity. Disruptions in electricity supply from the national power grid affecting operational
continuity and service levels.
to OMA’s 12 material topics was
OUR PEOPLE AND THE COMMUNITIES
developed, while the risks were
classified into: a) governance
Health, safety and security of employees,
Health and safety improvement practices.
and business risks; b) our people temporary staff and contractors
and the communities; and c)
Wage pressure, radicalization of demands and calling for strikes.
protecting the planet. Note that
Employability and skills development Staff turnover and lack of talent.
the final analysis also included Training and skills development.
the risks defined by VINCI, Diversity and inclusion Diversity gap attention plan.
considering those with impacts on
Human Rights Human rights non-compliance.
our operations and core business.
Quality of life and well-being Staff turnover and lack of talent.
Protests or blockades.
Contribution to Communities
Community distress.
PROTECTING THE PLANET
Natural disasters and extreme weather conditions. Risks related to power supply. Stakeholders’ poor
Climate change
perception of the Company´s carbon footprint. Changes in emissions legislation.
Circular economy Financial losses resulting from inefficient resource use and poor waste management practices.
Environmental issues fines or sanctions. Sanctions derived from non-compliance with the national waters
Natural environment
legal framework.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
43
<<page 44>>
C O R P O R A T E S O C I A L
R E S P O N S I B I L I T Y
OMA considers Social Responsibility to be an express commitment to the well-being of our employees and their families, the communities where we operate,
our clients, business partners, and to protecting the environment. This vision is made reality through a coherent group of policies, practices, and actions that
are incorporated into all operations and processes.
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILIT Y PROGRAM
Employees
and Family
Environmental
Actions focused on Actions focused on our
contributing to improving the employees and their families,
environment in all locations with the goal of supporting their
where we are present. development, encouraging
good health, ensuring their
safety, and improving their level
of education.
Community
Users and
Actions focused on the
business partners communities where we
are present, supporting
educational programs and
Actions focused on community development.
our users and business
partners, with the goal
of ensuring safety and
improving the quality of
service provided.
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
44 | 44
<<page 45>>
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
45
<<page 46>>
E C O N O M I C
P E R F O R M A N C E
[GRI 201-1, 201-2, 203-1, 203-2]
[SASB SV-PS-000.A]
VALUE CREATED BY OMA
Over the past 25 years, OMA has created value by strengthening
connectivity, expanding airport infrastructure, and continuously enhancing
its operations, generating lasting benefits for passengers, communities,
business partners, and shareholders while contributing to regional
economic and social development.
In 2025, OMA delivered strong operating and financial results. Its 13 airports
served 28.8 million passengers, while aeronautical and non-aeronautical
revenues reached Ps. 13,651 million, an increase of 11.8% compared to 2024.
Of this total, Ps. 10,191 million were generated from aeronautical activities
and Ps. 3,460 million from non-aeronautical activities. Total revenues,
including construction revenues, reached Ps. 15,964 million.
Adjusted EBITDA amounted to Ps. 10,167 million in 2025, with an Adjusted
EBITDA Margin of 74.5%, reflecting the resilience of OMA’s business model
and the strong performance of its airport and commercial operations.
These results are supported by the continuous monitoring of financial and
operational indicators that guide decision-making, drive efficiency, enhance
service quality, and support long-term growth.
2025 marked OMA’s
serving 28.8 million passengers
25 year of airport
th and generating Ps. 15,964 million
in total revenues and Ps | 10,167
operations in Mexico
million in Adjusted EBITDA.
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
46 | 46
<<page 47>>
D I R E C T E C O N O M I C
OMA’S CAPITAL STOCK
V A L U E G E N E R A T E D
The Company’s capital stock is represented by a total
A N D D I S T R I B U T E D I N | 2 | 0 | 2 | 5
of 390,111,556 Series B and Series BB Class I common
nominative shares, with no par value.
[GRI 201-1]
As of December 31, 2025, OMA had | 386,169,425
The following table presents OMA’s direct economic value generated
and distributed during 2025: shares outstanding (excluding repurchased shares).
2023 | 2024 | 2025
Direct Economic Value Created
(A)
Aeronautical and Non-Aeronautical
11,559 | 12,213
13,651
Revenues
Interest Income | 298 | 245 | 214
Economic Value Distributed (B)
Operating Costs | 2,277 | 2,424 | 2,813
Employee Salaries and Benefits | 670 | 716 | 779
Payments to the Government13 | 2,950 | 3,092 | 3,336
Dividends Paid to Shareholders | 3,738 | 4,207 | 4,469
Interest Paid | 1,093 | 1,100 | 1,208
Economic Value Retained (A-B)
Direct Economic Value Generated
1,128 | 919 | 1,260
minus Economic Value Distributed
Note: Millions of pesos.
OMA’s economic performance is presented in detail in the 2025 Annual Financial Report,
which can be found at: https://miranda-newswire.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/04/
OMA-2025-20-F-Report-As-filed407743995.35.pdf
13 Includes Ps.1,117 million in concession tax, and Ps.2,218 million of income taxes paid during 2025.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
47
<<page 48>>
INTRODUCING
C H I H U A H U A
Founded Founded in in | 1956 | 1956
A I R P O R T
General Roberto Fierro Villalobos
International Airport.
Clean Clean energy energy
Location: Location: infrastructure: infrastructure:
Chihuahua, Chihuahua, 1,200 kWp solar
approximately 18 kilometers capacity and 2,400 kWh
from downtown battery storage
Passengers Passengers
served: served:
Connectivity: Connectivity:
1,956,463 in | 2025
Six airlines serving
15 direct destinations,
including 13 domestic and
2 international routes
Infrastructure: Infrastructure:
Three runways and five taxiways.
Primary runway measuring
2,600 meters
Economic Economic relevance: relevance:
Built Built area: area:
Strongly linked to Chihuahua’s
13,054 m² terminal
maquiladora and cross-border
infrastructure, including 1,606 m²
industrial economy
of commercial space
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
48 | 48
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
<<page 49>>
C L I E N T S A N D
P A S S E N G E R S
[GRI 2-6, 2-25]
Providing a safe, efficient, and high-quality travel experience is a
OUR CLIENTS
fundamental priority for OMA. As part of the VINCI Airports network, the
Company continuously works to enhance passenger services, improve
Airlines are OMA’s primary customers and strategic partners in delivering
operational performance, and invest in infrastructure that responds to the
connectivity across the regions served by the Company.
evolving needs of passengers, airlines, and airport users.
During 2025:
Through the ongoing modernization of its airports, the expansion of
services, and the incorporation of innovative solutions, OMA seeks to
strengthen connectivity, improve the passenger journey, and deliver a
• 22 domestic and international airlines,
consistent service experience across its network.
operated throughout OMA’s airport network
The Quality Management System supports the identification of
improvement opportunities and helps ensure that services are delivered
in accordance with the Company’s operational standards and customer
• Connecting passengers
service objectives.
through 210 routes across the network
Our commitments to our clients and passengers:
Contributing to the
• mobility, tourism,
• To meet the needs of our clients in a timely and innovative
trade, and economic development of
manner, with quality and efficiency
the communities where we operate
• To continuously improve the efficiency and effectiveness of
our processes
• To cooperate with airline companies, service providers, and
business partners, involving them in projects to improve the Among the airlines serving OMA’s airports are leading domestic carriers
quality of service such as Viva, Volaris, and Grupo Aeroméxico, as well as international
• To use marketing tools that comply with ethical principles operators including American Airlines, United Airlines, Alaska Airlines, Delta
regarding respect for consumers, the community, and the Air Lines, and WestJet, among others.
environment
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
49
<<page 50>>
INTRODUCING
S A N L U I S P O T O S Í Founded Founded in in | 1943 | 1943
A I R P O R T
Ponciano Arriaga International Airport
Connectivity: Connectivity:
Location: Location:
Six airlines serving 10 direct
San Luis Potosí, San Luis
destinations, including six domestic
Potosí, approximately | 15
and four international routes
kilometers from downtown
Passengers Passengers
Clean Clean energy energy
served: served:
infrastructure: infrastructure:
834,795 in | 2025
600 kWp solar capacity and
6,090 kWh battery storage
Economic Economic and and
Infrastructure: Infrastructure: tourism tourism relevance: relevance:
Two runways and four taxiways Important hub for automotive
Primary runway measuring manufacturing, logistics, and
Built Built area: area:
3,006 meters industrial activity in central
Mexico
11,186 m² terminal
infrastructure, including | 1,124
m² of commercial space
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
50 | 50
<<page 51>>
C AT E G O R Y O F R E P O R T S R E C E I V E D
FOCUS ON PASSENGER AND
through the digital suggestion mailbox
CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE
and social media platforms
16
65
Understanding the needs and expectations of passengers, customers,
Complaints | 2024
and airport users is essential to continuously improving the services | 16
provided across OMA’s network. To support this objective, the Company
43
Request for information
maintains multiple communication channels designed to facilitate | 67
interaction, collect feedback, and provide timely responses.
Suggestions
One of these channels is “Share your Experience”, a digital platform
Praise
accessible through QR codes located throughout the airports. Through
DIGITAL
274
this system, users can submit complaints, suggestions, information | 608
SUGGESTION | 545
344
MAILBOX
requests, or commendations, which are reviewed and addressed by the
corresponding teams.
2025
The Company also manages customer interactions through its social
media platforms, strengthening communication with passengers and
users while providing timely support and information.
8 | 5
2024
The feedback received through these channels is analyzed as part
8
of the Group’s continuous improvement processes, helping identify
1
3
opportunities to enhance service quality, operational performance, and
the overall passenger experience.
225
720
533
OMA continues to enhance
375
operational efficiency,
SOCIAL MEDIA
service quality, and airport
infrastructure
2025
to provide a seamless, safe, and
comfortable travel experience for
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
millions of passengers each year | 51 | 51
<<page 52>>
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
52
<<page 53>>
C O R P O R A T E G O V E R N A N C E Functions of OMA’s
A N D E T H I C S A T O M A
Corporate Governance:
[GRI 2-9, 2-10, 2-12, 2-13, 2-20, 405-1] • To effectively control the risks for which the
[SASB SV-PS-330A.1, SV-PS-510A.1]
Company is directly responsible
OMA’s corporate governance framework is designed to strengthen
• To promote a culture that is against corruption
confidence among shareholders, investors, business partners, and other
stakeholders. It reflects the Company’s commitment to sound management, • To be accountable to all stakeholders on a
ethical conduct, transparency, accountability, and compliance with the
regular and transparent basis
regulatory requirements applicable in the financial markets in which it
participates.
Through its governance practices, OMA promotes an environment of trust
and responsible management, supported by clear economic, corporate, Series “BB” shareholders have the right to appoint three members, and their
environmental, and social performance objectives. This approach contributes respective alternates. Only the Board members that were appointed by the
minority shareholders may be removed when all the others are removed as well.
to investment confidence, financial stability, and business integrity, in
alignment with OMA and VINCI guidelines, corporate best practices, and
applicable national and international standards. The members of the Board of Directors will remain in their positions for the
period of one year, except in the following cases:
OMA’S GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
a. Death or disability of the board member
b. Resignation of the board member
Pursuant to the Company’s Bylaws, the management and representation of
c. An unexpected impediment according to applicable law
OMA is entrusted to the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer.
d. When approved by 51% (fifty-one percent) of the shares outstanding present
at the General Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting in question, except for the
The main objectives of the Board are to lead, manage, and represent the
three members of the Board of Directors who were appointed by the series
Company.
“BB” shareholders
The Board of Directors is comprised of 11 board members, of whom five are
The members of OMA’s Board are individuals with recognized experience. They
independent, in compliance with Article 24 of the Securities Market Law and
may or may not be shareholders, they may be reelected, and they receive the
the general rules issued by the National Banking and Securities Commission
remuneration determined by the Shareholders Meeting, as proposed by the
(CNBV).
Board of Directors.14
All series “B” shareholders that own 10% (ten percent) of the capital stock may 14 Learn more about the experience and reputation of OMA’s Board of Directors at
https://miranda-newswire.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/04/OMA-2025-20-F-Report-As-filed407743995.35.pdf
appoint a member of the Board of Directors.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
53
<<page 54>>
M E E T I N G S O F T H E
Our Board of Directors
B O A R D O F D I R E C T O R S
comprises 11 board members,
three of whom are women.
The Board of Directors met five times in 2025, with an
average attendance rate of 98.18%, significantly exceeding
the minimum required quorum of 51%. During these
meetings, the Board reviewed passenger traffic, operations,
At the General Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting
cargo activities, progress on commercial and diversification
held on April 24, 2026, the 11 members of the
initiatives, strategic planning, human capital matters,
Board of Directors were ratified or appointed,
investments and progress related to the 13 concessionaires’
as detailed below:
Master Development Programs risks, as well as the
Company’s consolidated, unconsolidated, and audited
B O A R D O F D I R E C T O R S
financial statements and those of its subsidiaries.
Name Position
Chairman and board member
Nicolas Notebaert
B O A R D O F D I R E C T O R S designated by SETA
A C T I V I T Y A N D C O M P O S I T I O N Board member designated
Olivier Mathieu
by SETA
Board Member designated
2023 | 2024 | 2025
Rémi Maumon de Longevialle
by SETA
Number of meetings | 8 | 5 | 5
Jérôme Havard Board Member
Board member
Alvaro Leite
Member attendance rate | 94.11%
94.31% | 98.18%
Emmanuelle Huon Board member
Independent board member
Katia Eschenbach
Total board members | 11 | 11 | 11
Female board members 3 3 3 Martin Werner Wainfeld Independent board member
Luis Solórzano Aizpuru Independent board member
Percentage of women
27.30% 27.30% 27.30% Independent board member
on the Board Federico Patiño Márquez
Regina García-Cuéllar Independent board member
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
54 | 54
<<page 55>>
FUNCTIONS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
[GRI 2-12, 2-14, 2-16, 2-17, 2-26]
The Board of Directors is the governing body that establishes the Group’s
business strategy, approves the business plan, annual investments, monitors
regulatory compliance, manages risks, and evaluates the Chief Executive Officer
and senior management.
The main functions of OMA’s Board of Directors are:
• To determine and establish general strategies for running the business plan,
and the budget for annual investments
• To monitor compliance with standards, certifications, and the Code of Ethics
and Conduct
• To approve the Strategic Plan and the annual budget
• To authorize the five-year Master Development Plan for the airports
• To approve the way the Company will vote its shares in the Shareholders’
Meetings of its subsidiaries
• To supervise compliance with the Sustainability Policy
• To design and monitor the sustainability strategy
REMUNERATION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
• To propose capital increases
• To appoint the Chief Executive Officer from among the candidates proposed
by the members of the Board of Directors, and to remove him if duly justified The members of OMA’s Board of Directors receive a net payment of Ps.
• To establish and/or remove committees, and to delegate authority to them, 75,000 for each Board Meeting or Support Committee Meeting they attend.
or modify existing powers Additionally, the Directors who chair the Board Supporting Committee
• To analyze potential risks Meetings receive a net emolument of Ps. 85,000 each.
• To present the annual reports of the Audit Committee and the Corporate
Practices Committee, where applicable, as well as the Chief Executive When the Board requires a board member to focus on specific matters
Officer’s annual report, which is accompanied by the external auditor’s report entrusted to them by the Company, a net payment of Ps.4,000 per hour is
paid by way of fees, subject to the submission of a report detailing the work
OMA has robust mechanisms for maintaining consistent communication performed.
between the Company and its stakeholders, namely: conference calls with
investors, monthly and quarterly reports published on OMA’s web page, It is important to highlight that the six proprietary (non-independent) members
reports to the Mexican Stock Exchange, to the National Banking and Securities voluntarily waived their fees during 2025.
Commission, and to Nasdaq, as well as the Company’s relevant events.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
55
<<page 56>>
S U P P O R T I N G
C O M M I T T E E S
OMA’s Board of Directors has the support of committees to develop its corporate practices and audit activities as established by Mexico´s Securities Market Law.
The Audit Committee and the Corporate Practices, Finance, Planning and Sustainability Committee are each comprised of three independent board members.
AUDIT COMMITTEE
This Committee oversees compliance with corporate policies, internal control,
accounting and financial information.
Name Position
Chairwoman / Independent
It evaluates the performance of the independent auditor and proposes the Katia Eschenbach
board member
choice of external auditor. The Committee also ensures that the Chief Executive
Federico Patiño Márquez Independent board member
Officer complies with the agreements reached in the Shareholders’ Meeting
and the Board of Directors Meetings, discusses the Company’s financial Independent board member
Martin Werner Wainfeld
statements, revises and approves the annual reports presented to the Securities
Note: Members of the Audit Committee as of April 24, 2026.
and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Mexican Stock Exchange (BMV), and the
National Banking and Securities Commission of Mexico (CNBV).
CORPORATE PRACTICES,
FINANCE, PL ANNING,
AND SUSTAINABILIT Y COMMITTEE
Name Position
Chairman / Independent
This Committee is responsible for supervising the ethical principles by which Luis Solórzano Aizpuru
board member
OMA operates. It also assesses the investment and financing policies, establishes
Katia Eschenbach Independent board member
long-term strategic planning, and identifies the risks to which the Organization is
exposed in sustainability, economic, financial, social, and environmental matters. It
Regina García-Cuéllar Independent board member
is also the entity responsible for evaluating and determining the compensation of
the members of the Board, and senior management. Note: Members of the Corporate Practices, Finance,
Planning, and Sustainability Committee as of April 24, 2026.
OVERSIGHT
[GRI 207-1, 207-2, 207-3]
OMA complies with all fiscal regulations in effect, as well as the pertinent obligations in matters of corporate governance. The Audit Committee is
responsible for evaluating tax risks to ensure that OMA complies with the requirements established by Mexican and United States regulations.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
56
<<page 57>>
E X E C U T I V E
T E A M
[GRI 2-14]
O M A I S L E D B Y 57 E X E C U T I V E S
2024 | 2025
OMA is managed by an experienced and dynamic executive team that is
committed to ethical and transparent business results. It is focused on offering
outstanding airport and commercial services to passengers, airlines, and other
clients, continually improving the Company’s economic performance and
exceeding stakeholders’ expectations | 37
30
13 | 13
7
7
Senior Airport
Managers
Executives Administrators
Each year, the Chief Executive Officer approves OMA’s Sustainability Report
and subsequently submits it to the Board of Directors for approval.
S E N I O R M A N A G E M E N T
Name Position
Ricardo Dueñas Espriu Chief Executive Officer
Chief Financial Officer
Ruffo Pérez Pliego del Castillo
Adriana Díaz Galindo General Counsel
Chief Commercial Officer
Pierre Grosmaire
Yann Le Bihan Chief Technical Officer
Chief Operating Officer
Raful Zacarías Ezzat
Griselda Alvarado Benavides Human Capital Director
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
57 | 57
<<page 58>>
E X E C U T I V E
C O M P E N S A T I O N
[GRI 2-19, 2-20]
Overall remuneration of the senior management team is approved
by the Board of Directors and is comprised of a base salary and other
payments and benefits, according to the performance level of each
member. The remuneration contains fixed and variable compensation.
OMA does not have any stock options for the executive team.
The Corporate Practices Committee, which also functions as the
Compensation Committee, and which supports the Board of
Directors in matters related to the complete compensation policy for
the Company’s directors, establishes fixed and variable compensation
for the executive members.
VARIABLE COMPENSATION
Variable compensation for OMA’s executive team is comprised
of a performance bonus that focuses on achieving the financial
objectives and strategic initiatives arising from strategic
planning and the results of the Organization.
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
58 | 58
<<page 59>>
CYBERSECURIT Y
[SASB SV-PS-230A.2, SV-PS-230A.3]
We maintain a comprehensive process to assess, identify, Additionally, OMA carries out the following
and manage the material risks related to cybersecurity processes related to cybersecurity risk
threats. These risks include disruptions to business management:
operations or financial reporting systems, theft of
intellectual property, fraud, extortion, harm to employees • Engagement with External Service Providers:
or clients, violation of privacy laws, legal or litigation Conducting vulnerability assessments and
risks, and reputational risks. Cybersecurity risks are penetration testing twice a year
managed as part of the Company’s broader enterprise risk • Internal Evaluations: Verifying the effectiveness
management framework. of cybersecurity controls
• Third-Party Risk Management: Monitoring
To date, our cybersecurity risk management processes and identifying risks associated with external
include the following: service providers and verifying compliance with
cybersecurity requirements before granting
• Cybersecurity Controls and Procedures: Designed in access to the Company’s IT infrastructure
accordance with the NIST CSF (National Institute of • Cybersecurity Protection Measures:
Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework). Maintaining backup systems, antivirus software,
• Information Security Officer: Responsible for endpoint protection solutions, and next-
vulnerability analysis of technology resources, generation firewalls, including internet traffic
intrusion detection system analysis, physical and filtering capabilities
logical access reviews, and cybersecurity awareness
campaigns
• Annual Cybersecurity Awareness Campaigns: Aimed
at preventing phishing scams and other security
Cyber security is integrated
threats
• Cybersecurity Incident Alert Procedures: Including
escalation procedures to Senior Management and the into OMA’s enterprise risk
Board of Directors in the case of material incidents
management framework,
• Security Operations Center
supported by continuous
• Annual audit through an AFAC verification unit to
monitoring, independent
review the Company’s cybersecurity and develop a
work plan for continuous security improvements assessments, and escalation
protocols for material incidents.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
59 | 59
<<page 60>>
INTRODUCING
T O R R E Ó N
Location: Location:
Founded Founded in in | 1946 | 1946
A I R P O R T
Torreón, Coahuila,
approximately 14 kilometers
Francisco Sarabia International Airport
from downtown
Connectivity: Connectivity:
Five airlines serving nine direct
destinations, including seven
domestic and two international routes
Passengers Passengers
served: served:
842,608 in | 2025
Clean Clean energy energy
infrastructure: infrastructure:
704 kWp solar capacity and
Infrastructure: Infrastructure:
2,387 kWh battery storage
Two runways.
Primary runway measuring
2,755 meters
Economic Economic and and
tourism tourism relevance: relevance:
Built Built area: area:
Serves the La Laguna region,
5,515 m² terminal infrastructure, an important industrial,
including commercial, and dairy-
544 m² of commercial space producing hub
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
60 | 60
<<page 61>>
C Y B E R S E C U R I T Y
G O V E R N A N C E
MANAGEMENT APPROACH
OMA’s cybersecurity risk management processes are overseen by the
Information Security Officer, who reports directly to the Information
Technology Manager (“IT Manager”). The IT Manager, in turn, reports
to the Chief Financial Officer. The Information Security Officer
holds a degree in information technology, has more than 12 years
of experience in cybersecurity, and holds certifications including
Cisco Certified Specialist – Security Core, Cisco Certified Network
Associate, Fortinet Network Security Expert Levels 1 and 2, and ISC2
Candidate.
ROLE OF THE CYBERSECURIT Y COMMITTEE
This committee comprises the CEO, Chief Financial Officer, IT
Manager, and Chief Technical Officer. The Committee convenes
whenever a cybersecurity incident affects the Company, and in
addition receives quarterly reports from the Information Security
Officer regarding security incidents, the status of cybersecurity
project implementations, and reviews of improvements based on
recent developments.
RESPONSIBILIT Y OF THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS IN CYBERSECURIT Y MATTERS
Senior management reports relevant cybersecurity incidents and
the status of their remediation to the Audit Committee, which is
responsible for overseeing risks, including cybersecurity threats.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
61 | 61
<<page 62>>
B U S I N E S S
E T H I C S
[GRI 2-15, 2-24, 2-27, 408-1, 409-1]
[SASB SV-PS-510A.1]
Over the past 25 years, OMA has built a culture founded on ethics,
integrity, and responsible business conduct. As part of VINCI Airports,
the Company continues to strengthen its standards of conduct and
anti-corruption practices through the adoption of global policies,
governance mechanisms, and best practices that promote transparency,
accountability, and compliance.
Our ethical commitments:
• To promote a culture that is against corruption
• To be accountable to stakeholders on a regular and
transparent basis
• To respect universally recognized fundamental human rights
• To respect diversity and promote equal opportunities
• To promote inclusion of disabled persons in the workforce
The Company is committed to complying with applicable laws and
regulations and conducting its business in accordance with the highest
standards of ethics, integrity, and transparency.
Contracts with third parties include specific provisions related to ethical
conduct, respect for human rights, and the prohibition of forced labor
and child labor.
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
62 | 62 | 62
<<page 63>>
T O G E T H E R !
15 Together!
T H E V I N C I M A N I F E S T O Engage in civic projects
Our business activity is rooted in local service. We therefore support the
engagement of our employees and companies in sponsoring civic projects and
combating social exclusion.
As part of VINCI Airports, OMA embraces the principles of the
We commit to supporting the civic engagement of our employees, especially
Together! Manifesto, which reaffirms the Group’s commitments to ethics,
through the Group’s foundations around the world.
environmental transition, safety, employee development, diversity, and
stakeholder engagement. These principles are embedded in OMA’s
Together!
Strive for zero accidents
culture, decision-making processes, and responsible business practices.
We reject the idea that workplace accidents are unavoidable. Our management
has a responsibility to do its utmost to ensure the physical integrity and the health
Together! of everyone on our worksites and in the facilities we operate.
Design and build
We commit to the zero accidents objective.
Our infrastructure and facilities serve the public and the common good. We therefore
strive to involve all stakeholders – including partners, customers, suppliers, elected
Together!
Foster equality and diversity
officials, local residents and civil society – in our projects as early as possible.
We commit to promoting outreach and consultation in conducting our projects to Our culture is based on bringing together people of different backgrounds
and experience. We fight all forms of discrimination in hiring, in workplace
ensure that our partners are closely involved.
relations and in the career paths of our employees. We train our managers in this
requirement and impress it on our suppliers and subcontractors.
Together!
Comply with ethical principles We commit to diversifying our supervisory staff to include more women and
people of diverse origins.
Ethical behaviour is key to our contracts and our customer relations.
Our companies apply our Code of Ethics and Conduct around the world. Together!
Promote sustainable careers
We commit to ensuring total transparency in our own practices and in those of
We take a long-term approach to relations with our employees. We practice
our subcontractors.
responsible flexibility to foster balanced career and personal development for
our employees.
Together!
Accelerate the environmental transition
We commit to proposing training and job mobility opportunities for all our
employees in order to promote sustainable employability.
We work for the environmental transformation of living environments, infrastructure
and mobility, through three main focus areas: acting for the climate, optimising
Together!
resources thanks to the circular economy and preserving natural environments. Share the benefits of our performance
We commit to reducing our direct emissions by 40% by 2030, and to developing
Our employees together represent VINCI’s biggest shareholder block. We strive
solutions that accelerate our customers’ and our business sectors’ environmental
to share the benefits of our growth with our employees around the world through
transition, while following a trajectory to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050.
employee shareholding and appropriate profit-sharing schemes.
We commit to ensuring that every VINCI employee is given an opportunity,
wherever possible, to share in our economic success.
15 For more information about the VINCI Manifesto, please visit: https://www.vinci.com/en/vinci-manifesto
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
63
<<page 64>>
C O D E O F E T H I C S
A N D B U S I N E S S C O N D U C T
[GRI 2-15, 2-27, 205-1, 205-2, 206-1, 415-1]
For 25 years, business ethics has been a fundamental pillar of OMA
and remains at the core of how the Company conducts its business.
As part of VINCI Airports, OMA continues to strengthen a culture of
integrity, transparency, and responsible business conduct that supports
compliance with applicable laws and regulations while reinforcing trust and
accountability across the organization and throughout its value chain.
These principles are reflected in OMA’s Code of Ethics and Business
Conduct, which establishes the values, standards, and expected behaviors
that guide decision-making throughout the organization in alignment with
the expectations of both OMA and VINCI. The Code applies to directors,
officers, employees, contractors, suppliers, and other business partners with
whom the Company maintains a commercial relationship and is available at
the following link: https://ir.oma.aero/wp-content/uploads/2026/04/Codigo-
de-Etics-OMA-VF-English-translation-1.pdf
C O M P L I A N C E W I T H L A W S
To support its effective implementation and ensure alignment with
recognized governance standards, the Code incorporates the requirements
It is OMA’s policy to be recognized as an entity that respects legal
of applicable laws and regulations as well as leading international best
requirements. Wherever OMA conducts business, its Officers are
practices. Accordingly, it aligns with the provisions of the Mexican Securities
required to comply with applicable laws, rules, and regulations.
Market Law, the principles promoted by the Organisation for Economic
Officers are also responsible for complying with contracts, intellectual
Co-operation and Development (OECD), and the requirements established
property concessions, licenses, patents, non-disclosure agreements,
under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
and any other contractual commitments undertaken. The provisions of
the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct must be interpreted in light of
100% of OMA employees formally acknowledged and adhered to both
the laws and practices of the countries where OMA operates, as well as
OMA’s and VINCI’s Code of Ethics and Anti-Corruption Code in 2025.
common sense. There is no excuse for violating this Code; reasons such
as “everyone does it” or “it is not illegal” are unacceptable.
The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is built upon the following key
ethical principles:
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
64 | 64
<<page 65>>
C O N F L I C T O F I N T E R E S T C O N D U C T T O C O M B AT
E X T O R T I O N A N D B R I B E R Y
OMA respects Officers’ rights to engage in friends, can divide an Officer’s loyalty. To better
private activities that do not create conflicts of understand the most common cases of conflict of
In the contractual sphere of OMA and its
interest with OMA or discredit it. Officers must interest, some specific standards are presented.
affiliates, the “Anti-Corruption Declaration” and
avoid any behavior that could constitute illegal Officers who detect a possible conflict of interest
the “Anti-Corruption Clause” must be included,
or disloyal conduct for themselves or their or have doubts about whether a specific situation
recognizing the rules of conduct that promote
colleagues. constitutes one must be transparent with OMA
the prevention and combat of extortion and
and inform their immediate supervisor of the
bribery in order to achieve standards of integrity
No Officer should engage in activities or circumstances. The supervisor, in turn, must
in commercial transactions.
relationships that could be perceived as conflicts inform OMA’s General Counsel, and, when
of interest or that could reflect negatively on the deemed necessary, the General Counsel shall
Additionally, OMA implements internal rules
Officer’s loyalty to OMA. present it to the Audit Committee.
and procedures that are broadly communicated
to employees. These standards may address, in
A conflict of interest arises when the Officer’s The following matters have been identified as
particular, matters related to the management of
personal interests interfere with any of OMA’s conflicts of interest within the organization:
corruption risk mapping involving third parties,
interests.
controls, and the management of conflicts of
• Conflict of Interest due to Professional
interest.
For OMA to carry out its operations effectively, it Occupation with Third Parties
must be sure of the loyalty of its Officers. • Conflict of Interest due to Investments
• Conflict of Interest due to Use of Company
Officers must, therefore, refrain from establishing Time and Assets for Personal Benefit
relationships that could impair their judgment • Conflict of Interest due to Loans to D O N AT I O N S
about what is best for OMA. Relationships that Employees
appear to create a conflict of interest should be • Conflict of Interest due to Gifts and Donations are contributions in cash or in kind
avoided. These rules cannot be evaded, even when Entertainment from Third Parties made in favor of civil or non-governmental
organizations that benefit society and the
acting through a third party unrelated to OMA. • Conflict of Interest due to Relationships
with Family and Friends communities in which we operate. Such
Conflicts of interest can arise in many forms. For • Conflict of Interest due to Public Activities contributions must be approved in accordance
with the Company’s guidelines, and employees
example, personal financial interests, obligations • Use of Position and Relationships for
to another company or government entity, or the Personal Benefit responsible for donations must comply with the
desire to help a third party, including family or • Abuse of Privileged Information ethical standards established in the Code of
Ethics and Business Conduct.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
65 | 65
<<page 66>>
C O N F I D E N T I A L I N F O R M AT I O N
F A I R T R E AT M E N T
A N D PAT E N T S
OMA is committed to dealing fairly and honestly with its clients,
Information is an asset of OMA. All Officers are obligated to safeguard suppliers, competitors, Officers, and employees.
OMA’s confidential or proprietary information, as well as information
entrusted to OMA by clients and suppliers.
In general, confidential and proprietary information includes information
that has not been disclosed to the public, that gives OMA a competitive A U S T E R I T Y
advantage, or that could expose OMA to damages if disclosed
prematurely or improperly, such as: formulas, patents, registered
It is OMA’s policy to operate in an austere yet decorous manner, using
trademarks, exclusive technology and processes, construction resources efficiently and limiting unnecessary or superfluous spending.
processes, internal calculations, unit prices, internal information about
bids, alternative processes to propose to clients, financial information,
corporate strategy, and confidential information about relationships with
clients and suppliers, among others.
P R O T E C T I O N A N D P R O P E R U S E O F
Officers who are unsure which information should be treated as
O M A’ S A S S E T S A N D O T H E R R E S O U R C E S
confidential or proprietary should ask their immediate supervisor or
OMA’s General Counsel.
OMA’s success depends on the commitment of all its Officers and
employees to the proper allocation and use of its tangible and intangible
Officers must always be aware that they are obligated to protect OMA’s
assets. For these purposes, OMA’s assets include equipment, supplies,
confidential or proprietary information. Under no circumstances should
real estate, tools, inventories, cash, computer systems, computer software,
they discuss confidential or proprietary information in public places.
computer data, vehicles, records or reports, non-public information,
intellectual property, other sensitive information or materials, voicemail,
Nor should they disclose confidential or proprietary information to third
electronic or telephonic communications, and OMA funds in any form.
parties without the express consent of OMA’s General Counsel, unless
required to do so by a competent authority.
Officers and employees are obligated to protect OMA’s assets from loss,
damage, misuse, theft, or sabotage and to ensure their efficient use. OMA’s
The obligation to preserve OMA’s confidential and proprietary
assets must be used only for business purposes. The Administration must
information extends beyond the period of employment. This obligation
approve any use of OMA’s assets or services that is not solely for its benefit.
continues even after employment ends.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
66 | 66
<<page 67>>
D I S C R I M I N AT I O N A N D H A R A S S M E N T H E A LT H A N D S A F E T Y
OMA is committed to providing a work environment free from any form of discrimination based on race, OMA strives to provide its employees with
a healthy and safe work environment. All
ethnic group, sex, beliefs, religion, age, disability, or sexual orientation. It is OMA’s policy to provide equal
opportunities to employees in hiring, salary levels, training and development, promotions, and other terms Officers are responsible for supporting this
of employment. Employment decisions will comply with all applicable labor laws. goal by following health and safety rules.
Employees must be aware of and comply
OMA will not tolerate harassment, including sexual harassment in any form. This includes verbal or physical with the safety procedures applicable to
conduct that demeans or threatens any employee, creates a hostile work environment, unreasonably their workplace. OMA promotes measures
to prevent Officers and employees from
interferes with an employee’s individual work performance, or otherwise adversely affects an employee’s
individual work responsibilities. using drugs or narcotics and from excessive
alcohol consumption.
B R I B E R Y O F P U B L I C O F F I C I A L S
Practices that may be considered acceptable in business relationships, such as entertainment in restaurants,
travel arrangements, or gifts, may violate local, state, federal, or foreign laws when dealing with government
representatives. OMA Officers shall not provide gifts to government representatives or employees if such
actions could be interpreted as an attempt to favor the Company. In case of doubt regarding permitted
interactions with government representatives, guidance should be sought from OMA’s General Counsel.
Bribery of any kind to obtain business performance or advantages is a violation of OMA’s policy and is illegal
under federal and state laws, as well as under the provisions of the OECD Convention and the United States
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Before making any payment or giving anything of value to a domestic or
foreign government representative, Company Officers must consult OMA’s General Counsel. This includes
any payment made through intermediaries, such as sales representatives, advisors, or consultants. Violations
of applicable anti-corruption laws may result in severe civil and criminal penalties for both OMA and the
individuals involved. It is strictly prohibited to offer any form of bribe or commission to induce any person.
Bribery involving employees of third parties or agents is a violation of OMA’s policy and is unlawful. Officers
and employees of the Company are strictly prohibited from offering any form of bribe, commission, or
inducement to any person to engage in such acts.
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
67 | 67
<<page 68>>
F R A U D A N D C O R R U P T I O N
R E L A T E D R I S K S
[GRI 205-3]
[SASB SV-PS-510a.1.]
C O R P O R AT E A N D A I R P O R T S
OMA maintains a zero-tolerance approach to fraud, bribery, and corruption.
2024 | 2025 | 2024 | 2025 | 2024 | 2025
Through its Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, Anti-Corruption Code,
internal controls, and compliance mechanisms, the Company promotes a of which the
Risk identified Total anti-fraud
following risks are
as fraud corruption control
culture of integrity and accountability across all areas of its operations. related to corruption
Treasury | 14 | 14 | 6 | 614 | 14
Fixed Assets | 10 | 12 | 911 | 11 | 12
Financial Closure | 11 | 11 | 3 | 111 | 11
Expenses | 1 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 1
Revenues | 11 | 9 | 6 | 613 | 13
Payroll | 10 | 10 | 5 | 610 | 10
Related Parties | 9 | 7 | 7 | 2 | 9 | 9
OMA Carga | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0
Entity Level | 45 | 30 | 16 | 21 | 45 | 32
Total | 111 | 94 | 53 | 54 | 114 | 102
N H T 2 A N D H I LTO N G A R D E N I N N H OT E L S
Treasury | 3 | 3 | 2 | 2 | 3 | 3
Fixed Assets | 1 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 1
Expenses | 1 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 1
Revenues | 8 | 8 | 5 | 7 | 9 | 9
Payroll | 4 | 4 | 1 | 1 | 4 | 4
Total | 17 | 17 | 10 | 12 | 18 | 18
Total | 128 | 132
Corporate | 120
111
and Hotels
66
63
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
68
<<page 69>>
100%
Training on the
T R A I N I N G A N D C O M M U N I C AT I O N O N A N T I C O R R U P T I O N
T H E C O D E O F E T H I C S A N D C O N D U C T 17 Code of Ethics | 2025
C O D E O F C O N D U C T
[GRI 2-16, 2-26]
As part of our commitment to ethics and
OMA is committed to conducting business ethically, responsibly, and In 2025, 100% of our employees
integrity, OMA has adopted an Anti-
transparently. This commitment is reflected in a values-based culture that
Corruption Code of Conduct applicable to completed training on OMA’s
is reinforced through ongoing communication and training programs
all employees, suppliers, contractors, and
Code of Ethics and Business
related to the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct. As part of the
strategic partners. This Code outlines clear
Company’s alignment with VINCI Airports, awareness and training
Conduct. Additionally, all
guidelines to prevent, identify, and respond
initiatives continue to strengthen employees’ understanding of the
to situations involving bribery, kickbacks, employees formally adhered to
principles, standards, and expected behaviors established in the Code.
improper payments, or any form of undue
both OMA’s and VINCI’s Anti-
advantage, whether direct or indirect.
Since 2022, VINCI Airports, a French company, has held a | 29.99%
Corruption Codes of Conduct.
ownership interest in OMA. As a result, the Company and its
The Code is grounded in VINCI Group
subsidiaries are required to comply with the anti-corruption provisions
principles and in national and international
established under France’s Sapin II Law. Integrity and transparency are
legislation, including the Foreign Corrupt
reinforced through OMA’s Code
Practices Act (FCPA), the Mexican
Article 17 of the Sapin II Law requires companies to implement
Anti-Corruption Law, and the Sapin II Law.
of Ethics, Anti-Corruption Code,
measures designed to prevent and detect acts of corruption
and influence peddling, whether occurring in France or abroad. employee training programs, and
It also addresses specific risks associated
In accordance with these requirements, OMA has adopted the
with airport operations, such as contract compliance mechanisms aligned
corresponding policies, procedures, training programs, and control
awards, interactions with public officials,
with VINCI’s global standards.
mechanisms to support the prevention and detection of corruption-
corporate gifts, facilitation payments, and
related risks throughout its operations.
political contributions. Violations may result in
disciplinary actions and legal consequences.
Furthermore, under the framework established by the Sapin II
Law, VINCI subsidiaries may be subject to oversight by the French 16 The AFA is the French Anticorruption Agency, an
Implementation of the Code reinforces
independent public entity created by the Sapin II Law
Anti-Corruption Agency (AFA)16. Accordingly, VINCI seeks to ensure in 2016. Its mission is to detect and prevent corruption,
OMA’s commitment to transparent
influence peddling, misappropriation of funds, and other
the effective implementation of anti-corruption programs across all
related crimes, in both the public and private sectors in
management aligned with the highest
France and at its foreign affiliates.
areas of its business worldwide, and OMA continues to strengthen its
international ethical standards.
compliance framework in alignment with these requirements and the 17 For more information: https://ir.oma.aero/wp-content/
uploads/2026/03/Anti-Corruption-Code-of-Conduct-
Group’s global standards. 01.03.2026.-English.pdf
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
69
<<page 70>>
INTRODUCING
Location: Location:
D U R A N G O
Founded Founded in in | 1943 | 1943
Durango, Durango,
A I R P O R T
approximately 16 kilometers
from downtown
Guadalupe Victoria
International Airport
Clean Clean energy energy
infrastructure: infrastructure:
Passengers Passengers
served: served:
399 kWp solar capacity
and 2,387 kWh battery
569,657 in | 2025
storage
Connectivity: Connectivity:
Infrastructure: Infrastructure:
Five airlines serving
One 2,900-meter runway
8 direct destinations,
and 5 taxiways
including 6 domestic and
2 international routes
Built Built area: area:
Economic Economic relevance: relevance:
5,841 m² terminal infrastructure,
including 464 m² of commercial space
Supports mining, industrial,
and regional business connectivity
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
70 | 70
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
<<page 71>>
H O T L I N E
[GRI 2-16, 2-26]
OMA has long maintained mechanisms for reporting and addressing concerns related to its Code
of Ethics and Business Conduct. Building on this foundation, in 2025 the Company advanced its
compliance framework through the implementation of “EQS Integrity Line”, transitioning from a
traditional reporting mechanism to a more comprehensive compliance management system.
“EQS Integrity Line” is a specialized platform that enables confidential and secure reporting
of potential misconduct, ethical concerns, and compliance-related matters. By strengthening
transparency, accountability, and case management processes, the platform reinforces OMA’s
culture of integrity and supports the continued evolution of its ethics and compliance program in
alignment with VINCI’s global standards.
OMA promotes a culture of open dialogue and accountability, encouraging employees to raise
concerns through available management channels whenever appropriate. Complementing this
approach, “OMA Te Escucha” (OMA Listens), supported by the EQS Integrity Line platform, provides
a confidential and secure reporting channel for ethical concerns, compliance-related matters, and
potential misconduct, without fear of retaliation.
The hotline serves as a channel for addressing various matters, including but not limited to:
• Possible violations of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct
• Failure to disclose relevant information
• Unethical accounting practices
• Actions that compromise the independence of auditors
• Concealment or alteration of factual data
• Exploitation of one’s position and relationships for personal gain
• Unauthorized disclosure of confidential information
• Misuse of the Company’s assets and resources
• Discrimination and harassment
• Instances of bribery or kickbacks
• Acceptance of gifts from suppliers that might compromise
the judgment of managers and/or employees
• Conflict of interest
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
71 | 71
<<page 72>>
All complaints received through the various channels provided are promptly All of the matters were concluded following due process and based on the type
reported to the Chairman of the Audit Committee, the Chief Executive Officer of issue recorded and its severity, and punishments were applied, ranging from
(CEO), the General Counsel, the Administration and Finance Directorate (CFO), sanctions to offboarding.
and the members of the Internal Audit team (Manager and Supervisors) through
the “EQS Integrity Line” platform, which issues a report of the events reported in
P R O C E S S O F T H E “ O M A L I S T E N S ” H O T L I N E
each case for formal follow-up.
01
In 2025, 42 complaints were received, of which 19 were substantiated and
Assignment of a case number to the party that makes the call.
investigated based on stipulated protocols.
02
“OMA Te Escucha” (OMA Listens) is available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year,
through the Ethics Hotline at +52 (55) 7100 2193 (PIN: 2341) and via the following The ‘EQS OMA te escucha’ ethics line directly notifies the
President of the Audit Committee, the Chief Executive Officer
website: http://omateescucha.integrityline.com
(CEO), the General Counsel, the Director of Administration and
Finance, and the Internal Audit team.
C O M P L A I N T S I N V E S T I G AT E D A N D A D D R E S S E D
03
2023 | 2024 | 2025
The Internal Audit team initiates the investigation into the case.
Complaints received | 36 | 37 | 42
Substantiated and
19 | 19
19
investigated complaints
Workplace harassment (%) | 5% | 47% | 11%
04
Workplace harassment (cases) | 1 | 9 | 2
The results of the investigation are sent to the CEO, General
Physical violence (%) | 5% | 0%
0% Counsel and CFO (Chief Financial Officer) for resolution.
Physical Violence (cases) | 1 | 0 | 0
Bad practices (%) | 42% | 16% | 21%
05
Bad practices (cases) | 8 | 3 | 4
For closure, Internal Audit (Administrators) registers the
Abuse of authority (%) 48% 5% 47% result in ‘EQS OMA te escucha’, automatically notifying the
Abuse of authority (cases) 9 1 complainant and the observers (Committee Chairman, CEO,
9
General Counsel, and CFO).
Conflict of interest (%) | - | 21% | 21%
Conflict of interest (cases) | - | 4 | 4
06
Sexual harassment (%) | - | 11% | 0%
Internal Audit Management reports quarterly to the
Sexual harassment (cases) | - | 2 | 0
Audit Committee on the status of all received complaints.
NOTES:
1. All reports received in 2023, 2024 and 2025 were addressed
2. No reports related to physical violence were received in 2024 or | 2025
3. Reports related to workplace harassment declined in 2025 compared to 2024, while reports related to abuse of authority
increased during the same period
4. No incidents related to sexual harassment were reported in | 2025
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
72
<<page 73>>
C O D E O F E T H I C S
F O R S U P P L I E R S
[GRI 2-23, 2-24, 204-1, 308-1, 407-1, 414-1, 414-2]
S U P P L I E R S ’ DATA | 2 | 0 | 2 | 5
Strong and responsible relationships with suppliers in business, human rights, labor practices, improper
are essential to OMA’s long-term success. The conduct, fair competition, as well as prevention of
Company promotes ethical, transparent, and fair money laundering and anti-corruption measures.
Domestic Suppliers
business practices throughout its value chain, fostering
97% | 1,605
3%
collaboration with suppliers and business partners OMA does not require suppliers to cease doing
that share its commitment to integrity, quality, and business with competitors or to purchase our services
Foreign Suppliers
sustainable value creation. as a condition for commercial engagement. Likewise,
3% | 47
we do not establish commercial relationships
SUPPLIERS
OMA applies a rigorous supplier selection and with suppliers that fail to comply with applicable
evaluation process that supports objective decision regulations on illicit financial activities, terrorism,
Country of origin:
making based on quality, competitiveness, technical corruption, or human rights violations. 97% • United States • Spain
• Peru • Italy
capabilities, and the specific requirements of the goods • Switzerland • France
• United Kingdom • Colombia
• Canada • Ireland
and services acquired. We reserve the right to verify that the business
• Dominican Republic • Argentina
operations conducted with any strategic partner align • Panama • Australia
Furthermore, the Code of Ethics and Rules of Conduct with the established guidelines stated in the Code of
for Suppliers, Subcontractors, and Business Partners Ethics and Business Conduct.
(strategic partners)18 are applicable in all engagements.
Our commitments along the value chain:
All suppliers and contractors must sign this Code
The ethical guidelines for suppliers outline mechanisms as part of the commercial partnership process, and
• Establish fair business relationships with suppliers
that promote equitable and respectful commercial it obliges them to comply with its provisions. The
• Apply OMA’s Code of Ethics, and ensure it is complied
relationships. These activities prevent any party document includes confidential channels to report any
with in acquisitions
involved in the procurement process from accepting breach, and OMA maintains a zero-tolerance policy for
• Involve suppliers and business partners in complying with
gifts or benefits that might influence decisions in favor any act that violates established ethical principles.
quality, corporate governance, environmental and social
of a particular supplier.
standards
In 2025, the Company made purchases from | 1,605
Additionally, our Code invites companies we conduct domestic suppliers, representing 97% of OMA’s total
business with to commit to a range of important supplier base. The remaining 3% corresponded to
18 For more information: https://ir.oma.aero/wp-content/
matters, including health, safety, environmental 47 foreign suppliers from countries including the
uploads/2026/03/Code-of-Ethics-and-Rules-of-Conducts-for-Providers-
responsibilities, financial and operational controls, United States, Peru, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, 01.03.2026.-English.pdf
conflict of interest, gifts, entertainment and courtesies Canada, the Dominican Republic, Panama, Spain, Italy,
France, Colombia, Ireland, Argentina, and Australia.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
73
<<page 74>>
C O R P O R A T E I N T E G R I T Y P R O G R A M ,
E T H I C A L B E S T P R A C T I C E S
[SASB SV-PS-330A.3]
OMA continues to participate in the
Corporate Integrity Program promoted by
Hagámoslo Bien
and USAID Mexico
initiatives that encourage the adoption of ethical
business practices, strong corporate governance,
and effective anti-corruption measures.
Through this program, the Company periodically assesses and strengthens
its integrity policies, governance practices, and compliance mechanisms,
reinforcing a culture of ethics, transparency, and accountability throughout
the organization.
Participation in the program supports OMA’s ongoing efforts to align its
business practices with recognized integrity standards and promote a
workplace environment grounded in trust and responsible conduct.
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT | 74
74
<<page 75>>
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
75
<<page 76>>
O M A ´ S
E M P L O Y E E S
[GRI: 2-7, 2-30, 401-1, 401-2, 401-3, 402-1, 403-1 to 403-10, 404-2, 404-3, 405-1, 406-1]
[SASB: SV-PS-330a.1, SV-PS-330a.3]
In alignment with VINCI’s global strategy, OMA’s people management
As part of the VINCI Group, OMA’s human resources model has evolved
approach is built around three fundamental pillars that guide decision-making
towards being increasingly integrated, global, and future-oriented, with
and organizational practices:
talent development, cultural transformation, and the adoption of best
international practices as strategic pillars of the business.
• Health and safety as the leading priority, assuring the well-being
In an environment shaped by rapid technological change, increasing
of everyone involved in operations, including employees, clients,
demands for operational efficiency, and evolving sustainability
suppliers and communities
challenges, OMA’s people management strategy promotes skills
development, internal mobility, and continuous learning as strategic
drivers of competitiveness, innovation, and organizational resilience.
• Talent development, ensuring that the right people are in the right
OMA believes that its success is based on the talent of each individual
positions through a combination of training, evaluation, and internal
and the collaborative efforts of its professionals. Employees remain
promotion that improves professional growth
committed to achieving the Company’s objectives, contributing to
the sustainability of airport operations, and delivering high-quality
experiences to clients and passengers.
The organization promotes a workplace environment centered on well-being,
• A culture of responsibility, promoting ethical behavior, compliance
inclusion, safety, and professional growth, fostering a culture where
with rules, and respect for human rights as the basis of the operation
collaboration and respect contribute to long-term organizational
development. Within this framework, diversity, equity, and inclusion
represent fundamental pillars of OMA’s people management strategy.
At the same time, the Group maintains a strong commitment to These pillars reflect OMA’s commitment to people management aligned with
compliance with labor regulations, as well as to the principles and global standards and aimed at strengthening the long-term sustainability and
standards promoted by VINCI Airports, the world’s largest private resilience of the business.
airport operator. As part of this global network, the Company continues
to strengthen the capabilities of its workforce to address evolving
industry challenges related to innovation, resilient infrastructure, and
sustainable mobility.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
76
<<page 77>>
O U R C O M M I T M E N T S T O O U R P E O P L E
• Respecting diversity and promoting equal opportunities
• Supporting workplace inclusion for people with disabilities
• Fostering a work environment that contributes to employees’ well-being
• Encouraging individual and collective effectiveness by motivating and
developing employees’ skills
• Training employees in the principles of Quality, Health and Safety, the
Environment, and Social Responsibility, to address the challenges of our
business and our community
OMA is part of VINCI Airports,
the world’s largest private airport network.
The Group promotes an
ambitious vision focused on
talent development, professional
growth, and a
shared sense of
across the organization.
purpose
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
77 | 77
<<page 78>>
In 2025, our team consisted of 1,355 employees, of whom | 1,17619
were part of airport operations and the Company’s corporate offices,
segmented as follows: 352 women and 824 men who work to ensure
that the services we offer meet users’ expectations.
E M P L O Y E E S
B Y B U S I N E S S U N I T
Business Unit | 2022 | 2023 | 2024 | 202520
Acapulco | 72 | 67 | 69 | 68
Ciudad Juárez | 58 | 58 | 59 | 60
Culiacán | 61 | 63 | 64 | 62
Chihuahua | 75 | 74 | 75 | 74
Durango | 41 | 46 | 46 | 46
Mazatlán | 65 | 65 | 69 | 66
Monterrey | 297 | 290 | 296 | 299
Reynosa | 43 | 47 | 48 | 49
San Luis Potosí | 52 | 52 | 56 | 54
Tampico | 53 | 60 | 62 | 60
Torreón | 43 | 46 | 47 | 48
Zacatecas | 45 | 47 | 46 | 48
Zihuatanejo | 43 | 43 | 48 | 45
Corporate Offices | 157 | 158 | 170 | 197
Total Airport Operations
1,105 | 1,116 | 1,155 | 1,176
and Corporate Offices
Hotel Services | 151 | 154 | 171 | 179
Total OMA | 1,256 | 1,270 | 1,326 | 1,355
19
As of December 31, 2025, 179 people were working at our hotels NH Collection T2 and Hilton
Garden Inn. Our operating partners manage the personnel in these businesses, therefore the
information on GRI indicators in this report will not be presented for this segment of the business.
20 All data use the closing date of December 31, 2025.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
78
<<page 79>>
E M P L O Y M E N T S TAT I S T I C S
E O F J O B B Y T Y P E O F C O N T R A C T
B Y T Y P
Unionized Non-unionized
Women
Temporary Full Time
Men
2022 | 0 | 2302 | 801
2023 | 0 | 4307 | 805
2024 | 2 | 6328 | 819 | 661 | 686
626 | 628
479 | 488 | 494 | 490
2025 | 3 | 2349 | 822
2022 | 2023 | 2024 | 2025
1,105 | 1,116 | 1,155 | 1,176
Total Total Total Total
AT S E N I O R M A N A G E M E N T
B Y A G E R A N G E
A N D M A N A G E M E N T L E V E L
18-30 years old 31-50 years old
+50 years old
Women
Total
Men
200 | 196
157 | 174
2022 | 737 | 44
2023 | 738
45 | 663 | 667 | 667 | 686
2024 | 10 | 40 | 50
288 | 294
285 | 275
2025 | 12 | 45 | 57
2022 | 2023 | 2024
2025
1,105 | 1,116 | 1,155 | 1,176
Total Total Total
Total
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
79
<<page 80>>
S T R A T E G Y T O A T T R A C T
A N D R E T A I N T A L E N T
[GRI 401-1]
[SASB SV-PS-330A.1]
Through its sustainable employability approach, OMA strengthens the
capabilities required to respond effectively to the technical, digital, and
operational challenges facing the airport industry. In an environment shaped by
technological acceleration and evolving innovation demands, the Company has
strengthened its capabilities through the talent and adaptability of its workforce,
positioning OMA to respond to emerging industry challenges.
The Company’s commitment is guided by the principles established in the
VINCI Manifesto. This document reflects our corporate culture, covering
our operations all over the world and focusing on economic efficiency,
environmental protection, and social progress.
These values are expressed in the Manifesto’s eight commitments, which
include: respect for human rights and the principle of zero tolerance of any
type of discrimination, including racial, ethnic, religious, moral, or sexual
discrimination, as well as discrimination against union members, political
opinions, or health status.
OMA recognizes that diversity, equity, and inclusion require deeper
organizational commitment and continuous action. Accordingly, the Company
implements both the principles established by the Group and frameworks that
support the adoption of global best practices.
The Company’s guidelines, such as our Talent Incorporation Policy, and the
Code of Ethics and Conduct, align with best labor practices, reflecting a clear
understanding of the importance of diversity in abilities, experience, knowledge,
and the aptitude necessary to build our success. Furthermore, our process to
attract and develop talent is based on the selection of candidates according to
their abilities, skills, and training, respecting universal principles such as human
rights and individual freedoms.
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
80 | 80
<<page 81>>
In 2025, OMA continued advancing its cultural transformation N E W H I R E S
process by strengthening organizational efficiency, accelerating
2022 | 2023 | 2024 | 2025
the adoption of new technologies, and developing professionals
Number of new hires | 255 | 184 | 292 | 292
with increasingly adaptable and digital capabilities, aligned with a
results-oriented and future-focused approach.
Percentage of development opportunities
20% | 28% | 54% | 57%
filled by internal candidates
This process included the centralization of key functions,
optimization of organizational structures, and incorporation of talent Average cost of a new hire (Ps.) $1,250 $3,848 $2,490 $3,480
with international experience. These efforts have strengthened
By Business Unit
local operations in alignment with VINCI’s global standards, Acapulco | 12 | 7 | 8 | 4
while fostering a culture of continuous learning, adaptability, and
Ciudad Juárez | 19 | 314 | 14
organizational agility. Culiacán | 7 | 8 | 610
Chihuahua | 29 | 15 | 14 | 23
OMA has maintained strong talent retention, reflected in the Durango
0 | 6 | 5 | 3
notable employee tenure across multiple organizational functions Mazatlán | 1 | 4 | 7 | 2
and leadership positions. This shows the effectiveness of the Monterrey | 131 | 67 | 143 | 138
development, training and improved organizational commitment Reynosa | 9 | 917 | 9
strategies that the Company supports. San Luis Potosí | 7 | 413 | 10
Tampico | 713 | 6 | 6
Our focus is on complementing the experience and professional Torreón | 1 | 5 | 6 | 4
Zacatecas | 5 | 7 | 2 | 4
development of employees through mentorship programs, internal
Zihuatanejo | 5 | 714 | 2
mobility, and growth opportunities within the VINCI Group. Through
Corporate Offices | 22 | 29 | 37 | 63
initiatives such as VINCI Mobility, Talent Energizer, and Lead for
Total | 255 | 184 | 292 | 292
Success, it is easier to access professional experiences in different
By Gender
business units and in different locations, improving the exchange of
Women | 94 | 82 | 119 | 127
knowledge, leadership training, and the global vision for talent.
Men | 161 | 102 | 173
165
Total | 255 | 184 | 292 | 292
By Age Range
T O TA L N E W H I R E S
18-30 years old | 152 | 122 | 171 | 167
31-50 years old | 98 | 60 | 114 | 117
During 2025, the Company hired 292 people to meet the need for
+50 years old | 5 | 2 | 7 | 8
talent at airports and the corporate offices, improving operating
Total | 255 | 184 | 292 | 292
continuity and the Organization’s ability to respond.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
81
<<page 82>>
P E R S O N N E L
S E P A R A T I O N
D I S T R I B U T I O N O F E M P L OY E E
T E R M I N AT I O N
[GRI 401-1]
2022 | 2023 | 2024 | 2025
By Age Range
OMA’s Personnel Separation Policy defines the principles and
18-30 years old | 62 | 58 | 82
76
procedures governing the conclusion of employment relationships,
31-50 years old | 60 | 45 | 58 | 58
ensuring compliance with applicable labor regulations while
+50 years old | 4 | 9 | 8 | 8
safeguarding employee rights, privacy, and dignity. Offboarding
Total | 126 | 112 | 148 | 142
processes are carried out in a transparent and structured manner to By Gender
facilitate knowledge transfer, protect confidential information, and
Women | 68 | 48 | 89 | 61
support operational continuity. Men | 58 | 64 | 59 | 81
Total | 126 | 112 | 148 | 142
Information gathered during the offboarding process is analyzed By Business Unit Termination Turnover %
Acapulco | 5 | 7% | 3 | 4% | 5 | 7% | 2 | 3%
to generate insights that contribute to decision-making, continuous
Ciudad Juárez | 713% | 712% | 814% | 915%
improvement, and workforce risk management.
Culiacán | 3 | 5% | 4 | 6% | 4 | 6% | 813%
Chihuahua | 20 | 27% | 6 | 8% | 7 | 9% | 23 | 31%
Durango | 0 | 0% | 1 | 2% | 3 | 7% | 2 | 4%
Mazatlán | 1 | 2% | 2 | 3% | 1 | 1%
3 | 5%
Monterrey | 58 | 20% | 49 | 16% | 66 | 22% | 49 | 16%
Reynosa | 4 | 9% | 3 | 6% | 13 | 27% | 3 | 6%
San Luis Potosí | 713% | 4 | 7% | 5 | 9% | 3 | 6%
Tampico | 1 | 2% | 5 | 8% | 2 | 3%
3 | 5%
Torreón | 1 | 2% | 2 | 4% | 2 | 4% | 2 | 4%
Zacatecas | 3 | 7% | 510% | 1 | 2% | 2 | 4%
Zihuatanejo | 3 | 7% | 4 | 9% | 4 | 8% | 511%
Corporate offices | 13 | 19% | 17 | 10% | 27 | 16%
28 | 14%
Total | 126 | 112 | 148 | 142
Personnel Turnover
Percentage Personnel
14% | 15% | 22% | 22%
Turnover (%)
Percentage Voluntary
11% | 10% | 13% | 12%
Resignation (%)
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
82
<<page 83>>
U N I O N L A B O R
OMA remains
firmly committed
R E L A T I O N S H I P S
[GRI 2-30, 402-1]
to respecting labor rights and to the right
Historically, OMA has maintained a strong commitment to respecting
to collective bargaining in compliance with
labor rights, including freedom of association and collective
bargaining, in compliance with applicable legislation. In addition, the
current laws and the international principles
Company aligns its labor practices with the principles and standards
promoted by the International Labour Organization (ILO).
of the International Labour Organization (ILO).
Through this focus, the Company strengthens
OMA’s collective bargaining agreements are negotiated and formalized
in accordance with applicable labor regulations and the legal
its working culture based on dialogue,
procedures established by the competent authorities.
mutual respect, and by building sustainable
Clauses in the collective bargaining agreement are renewed every two
years, and salary increases are negotiated every year; this includes
relationships with its employees.
490 unionized employees across 13 locations, as of December | 31,
2025. Each airport has a dedicated union representative who serves as
the primary point of contact for the union and who is responsible for
ensuring compliance with the agreements and addressing any queries
or concerns raised by unionized workers.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
83
<<page 84>>
D I V E R S I T Y , E Q U I T Y ,
A N D I N C L U S I O N
[GRI 2-23, 2-24, 406-1, 410-1]
[SASB SV-PS-330a.1.]
OMA maintains a permanent commitment to consolidating an inclusive, This progress has been supported by initiatives such as development and
respectful, equitable, and discrimination-free workplace, regardless of race, mentorship programs, participation in talent fairs, strengthened equality
ethnic origin, gender, beliefs, religion, age, disability, sexual orientation, or policies, and the creation of more inclusive work environments, including
any other condition that could represent a factor of exclusion. breastfeeding spaces and enhanced maternity support measures.
These commitments reflect VINCI’s culture and principles and are OMA also recognizes that, due to the nature of its operations and the
embedded in the Company’s strategic priorities. Diversity, equity, and composition of certain workforce segments with unionized personnel,
inclusion have been identified in the impact materiality matrix as key structural challenges remain in terms of gender equity. This reality
to OMA’s sustainability, based on the understanding that a sustainable reinforces the Company’s strategic focus on encouraging greater female
company contributes to the well-being of people and their environment. participation in administrative and leadership positions.
As part of its sustainable talent management approach, OMA has policies As established in OMA’s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, the
designed to ensure equal opportunities across all stages of employment, Company maintains a zero-tolerance policy toward harassment, including
from hiring to development and professional advancement. In line with sexual harassment in any form. This includes preventing verbal, physical, or
VINCI’s global objectives, OMA has strengthened its diversity strategy with other conduct that may undermine a person’s dignity, create a hostile work
a particular focus on advancing women’s participation in the organization. environment, or affect employees’ performance and well-being.
As a result, the share of women in leadership positions has increased
steadily in recent years.
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
84 | 84
<<page 85>>
D I V E R S I T Y A T
O M A | 2 | 0 | 2 | 5
[GRI 2-23, 2-24, 406-1, 410-1]
[SASB SV-PS-330a.1.]
P E R C E N TA G E O F W O M E N
2022 | 2023 | 2024 | 2025
At OMA | 27% | 28% | 29% | 30%
In management and
Senior management | 16% | 16% | 20% | 21%
positions
In management positions | 16% | 16% | 19% | 20%
In management positions
related to revenue | 50% | 33% | 44% | 43%
generation
In positions related to
science, technology,
40% | 44% | 46% | 35%
engineering, and
mathematics
In mid-level positions
(Deputy managers,
39% | 41% | 39% | 41%
supervisors, and
coordinators)
Salary Gap by Gender % Difference between female and male
Senior management
4.92% | 7.62% | 11.93% | 11.60%
and managers
Non-unionized | 14.51% | 18.64% | 19.05% | 18.25%
Unionized | 2.18% | -1.82% | -2.01% | -1.52%
Percentage of Personnel by Nationality
Mexican | 99.92% | 99.47% | 99.31% | 98.98%
Other nationalities | 0.08% | 0.53% | 0.69% | 1.02%
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
85 | 85
<<page 86>>
O C C U P A T I O N A L
H E A L T H
A N D S A F E T Y
[GRI 403-1, 403-2, 403-3, 403-4, 403-7, 403-8, 403-9, 403-10]
[SASB SV-PS-330A.1]
For OMA, the health, safety, and well-being of people are strategic
priorities and essential components of operational sustainability.
In alignment with the preventive culture promoted by VINCI Airports
and the Group’s global approach to well-being, prevention, and safety
management, these matters are overseen at the highest levels of the
organization through the leadership of the Management Team and the
coordination of the Human Resources Division.
Management is based on policies, procedures, and preventive
mechanisms intended to strengthen a culture of shared safety, based
on timely identification of risks, comprehensive care for people, and
continuous improvement. The scope includes all our employees, as
well as suppliers and contractors, who must comply with established
standards and guidelines.
In 2025, OMA continued strengthening its practices and control
measures focused on continuous improvement, risk prevention, and its
goal of zero occupational accidents.
The processes include the evaluation and identification of potential
risks in facilities and processes, especially those with higher factors
of probability of occurrence, exposure, and consequences that might
arise. These practices are intended to reduce accident frequency and
severity rates across operations.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
86
<<page 87>>
S A F E T Y W E E K | 2 | 0 | 2 | 5
During our Safety Week | 2025
we held training sessions for all employees
“ S T O P, T H I N K , A C T ”
combining in-person sessions and online presentations with
the main objective of achieving “zero accidents.”
[GRI 403-1, 403-2, 403-3, 403-4, 403-7, 403-8, 403-9, 403-10]
[SASB SV-PS-330A.1]
As part of a sustained safety effort, in 2025, OMA held a new edition of
Safety Week within VINCI’s cross-company safety initiative framework,
O U R C O M M I T M E N T S T O
which was implemented at all the Group’s operations. This annual
W O R K P L A C E S A F E T Y:
program promotes best practices and reinforces our commitment to
safety, focusing on our goal of zero accidents.
Preventing occupational
Continuing with efforts from previous years, in 2025, the initiative
risks to achieve the goal of
focused on driving preventive actions, encouraging timely identification
zero work-related accidents
Zero accidents
of risks, and strengthening a more proactive culture of safety
and zero occupational
throughout the entire organization.
diseases
Training activities were developed using consistent core content
adapted to different employee profiles, considering their functions and
levels of exposure to risk. Strengthening the culture of safety, providing
Implementing health and
safe working environments, and strengthening knowledge, values, and
safety matters, training
practices in health and safety matters were discussed. The institutional
Transmitting the focus employees, identifying and
motto of the campaign was: “Stop, Think, Act”.
on safety and health to controlling risks, complying
our visitors, users, and with health and safety
To implement the plan, 12 virtual training sessions were held at all
value chain laws and regulations, and
airports and the corporate offices, as well as 13 in-person sessions,
promoting a healthy work
one at each airport. Also included were administrative personnel,
environment
operational personnel (such as firefighters, maintenance, operations
and safety), as well as contractors, cleaning personnel, security, and
tenants of commercial premises, thus expanding the scope of the
initiative to the entire airport community.
Ensuring the continuous improvement of health and safety
management through periodic performance evaluations,
Through these actions, OMA drives a preventive culture based on
identification of areas for improvement, and implementation
participation and shared responsibility, promoting the adoption of safe
of corrective actions
behaviors among employees and third parties, which contributes to
safer and more resilient work environments.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
87
<<page 88>>
O C C U P A T I O N A L S A F E T Y A N D
H Y G I E N E C O M M I S S I O N ( C L S H )
[GRI 403-1, 403-2, 403-4, 403-7]
As part of OMA’s operational structure, the Occupational Safety and Hygiene C L S H M E M B E R S
Commission (CLSH) is responsible for investigating safety incidents at worksites, By Business Unit
working at heights, cutting and welding work, work in confined spaces, and
electrical work. Measures have also been implemented to prevent psychological Business Unit | 2023 | 2024 | 2025
and social risks, with the goal of creating a safe and healthy environment for
Acapulco | 10 | 11 | 5
everyone.
Ciudad Juárez | 7 | 9 | 9
This Commission also establishes compliance with legal obligations in matters
Culiacán | 10 | 11 | 11
of occupational health, safety, and hygiene, as well as the obligations that its
employees must fulfill. It is also responsible for supervising training, quarterly Chihuahua | 9 | 8 | 9
reviews of labor risk verification, drafting minutes, following up on matters, and
Durango | 9 | 910
monitoring compliance with corrective actions aimed at minimizing occupational
risks. Mazatlán | 7 | 7 | 7
Monterrey | 19 | 22 | 22
Reynosa | 10 | 9 | 8
To encourage the
San Luis Potosí | 7 | 7 | 7
participation of our
Tampico | 10 | 10 | 10
employees in the | 2025
100% 100% of of our our employees employees
safety and hygiene program,
Torreón | 7 | 7 | 7
are are covered covered by by
Zacatecas | 7 | 7 | 7
the the Occupational Occupational Zihuatanejo | 7 | 6 | 6
OMA Carga and Logistics | 14 | 8
Health Health and and Safety Safety
Corporate Offices | 2 | 313
Management Management System. System.
Total | 121 | 140 | 139
139
employees from our | 13
airports participated in
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
the CLSH | 88
<<page 89>>
P R O C E D U R E F O R
P R O C E S S F O R H A Z A R D I D E N T I F I C AT I O N
C O M M U N I C AT I N G ,
A N D O C C U PAT I O N A L H E A LT H A N D
PA R T I C I PAT I N G ,
S A F E T Y R I S K A S S E S S M E N T
A N D C O N S U LT I N G O N
H A Z A R D S A N D R I S K S
Classification Ongoing Evaluation and Definition of Documentation,
of activities identification classification of actions and monitoring, and
01 Planning of Hazard Identification
of hazards and occupational controls continuous review
and Risk Assessment
associated risks health and
consultation mechanisms
safety risks
02 Prior consultation on hazards
and operational changes
01 | 02 | 03 | 04 | 05
Collective participation in risk
03
assessment
This systematic and proactive process helps identify unsafe acts and conditions to
prevent injuries and deterioration of workers’ health through the timely management
of workplace environments.
Internal and external
04
dissemination of the Hazard
Identification and Risk
Assessment process
In 2025, there were 3,825 evaluations
-
of work related risks
significant.21
of which 89% (3,416) were not 05 Feedback, hazard reporting,
and updates
21 The decrease in the number of evaluations was associated with lower levels of operational activity and
fewer ongoing projects at the airports.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
89 | 89
<<page 90>>
I N J U R Y R AT E
In 2025, a total of 14 work-related accidents were recorded across OMA’s 13 airports, representing
By work-related accident
2,227,404 hours worked. The reported injuries included foot, shoulder, and hand sprains, lower
back injuries, hand lacerations, and finger injuries.
2022 | 2023 | 2024
2025
By work-related accident
W O R K- R E L AT E D A C C I D E N T S
Number of hours worked
2,291,872 | 2,222,991 | 2,150,011 | 2,227,404
Airport Number Type of Injury
Injury rate by work-related
Durango Cheekbone Contusion
13.05 | 3.60 | 7.93 | 6.29
accident | (1,000,000)
Mazatlán Hand laceration
1
By work-related accident and days lost from work
Hand sprain Foot sprain
Monterrey Hand contusion Finger lacerations
6
Number of injuries by work-
Ankle sprain Finger sprain
7 | 815 | 14
related accident
Reynosa 1 Lower back pain
Days of disability due to work-
81 | 85 | 379 | 386
related injuries
San Luis Potosí 1 Foot sprain
By work-related accident and days lost from work by gender
P R O C E S S O F I D E N T I F Y I N G
Hand sprain Shoulder sprain
Tampico
4
Finger injury Foreign object in eye
W O R K - R E L AT E D R I S K S
Women
Total | 14
Number of injuries by work-
1 | 0 | 1 | 3
related accident
A C C I D E N T R E S P O N S E A N D I N V E S T I G AT I O N P R O C E S S Days of disability due to
5 | 012 | 156
work-related injuries
Men
Number of injuries by work-
6 | 814
11
Immediate Incident Incident Root cause Corrective related accident
response and classification investigation analysis actions and
Days of disability due to
76 | 85 | 367 | 230
assistance follow-up work-related injuries
Percentage of days lost due to work-related accidents by gender | 2025
01 | 02 | 03 | 04 | 05
Women 40% Men 60% Total | 100%
OMA uses a systematic process aimed at identifying root causes to prevent similar
events from occurring.
OMA will continue strengthening aimed at reducing accident frequency and advancing
preventive measures and safety controls
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
toward our goal of zero occupational accidents | 90 | 90
<<page 91>>
O C C U P A T I O N A L H E A L T H A N D
S A F E T Y P R O G R A M ( O S H )
[GRI 403-1, 403-4, 403-5, 403-6, 403-7, 403-8]
Through certification of the Occupational Health and Safety Self-
Management Program (PASST) by Empresa Segura, OMA ensures the
implementation of a set of preventive and corrective actions to avoid
workplace risks that could impact workers’ lives, health, and physical
integrity or cause damage to facilities. This program, driven by the
Ministry of Labor and Social Welfare (STPS), recognizes companies that
implement actions to reduce accidents and occupational diseases.
Within this system, various tasks are assigned, including training for both
operational and administrative personnel, focusing on three key areas:
01 | 02 | 03
Legislative Health and Safety and health
safety videos procedures at work
The areas in which OMA concentrates
its training efforts are the following: Through the PASST
program, OMA
• Incident prevention in the workplace complied with
• Fire prevention and emergency response
• Electrical installations, lockout/tagout procedures
151
• Handling and storage of hazardous materials and chemicals
• Work at heights
legal requirements
• Cutting and welding safety
related to
occupational
health and safety
management.
SUSTA IN ABILITY R EPORT
91
<<page 92>>
During 2025, training was provided to personnel on the following standards:
NOM-001-STPS-2008: NOM-002-STPS-2010: NOM-004-STPS-1999: NOM-005-STPS-1998:
Buildings, locations, Fire prevention and Safe machinery systems Handling, transport, and
facilities, and areas protection and devices storage of hazardous
inside work centers substances
NOM-006-STPS-2023: NOM-009-STPS-2011: NOM-011-STPS-2001: NOM-017-STPS-2024:
Materials storage and Work at heights Safety and hygiene Personal protective
handling through use of conditions in work equipment. Selection,
machinery centers that generate use, and handling at
noise work locations
NOM-018-STPS-2015: NOM-019-STPS-2011: NOM-020-STPS-2011: NOM-022-STPS-2015:
Harmonized system to Formation, integration, Pressurized containers Related to safety
identify and communicate organization, and and boilers conditions in work centers
dangers and risks due functioning of safety and where there is a risk of
to hazardous chemical hygiene commissions static electricity
substances in work centers
NOM-025-STPS-2008: NOM-026-STPS-2008: NOM-029-STPS-2011: NOM-030-STPS-2009:
Lighting Colors and signs for Maintenance of electricity Preventive occupational
safety and hygiene, and facilities in work centers health and safety services
identification of risks
due to pipe-transported
fluids
NOM-031-STPS-2011: NOM-035-STPS-2018:
Construction: Conditions Psycho-social risk factors
of occupational health and at work: Identification,
safety analysis, and prevention
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
92
<<page 93>>
M A N A G I N G T H I R D - P A R T Y
H E A L T H A N D S A F E T Y R I S K S
[GRI 403-7, 403-8]
OMA maintains a comprehensive focus on occupational health and In addition, when third-party activities are performed within the
safety risk management along its entire value chain. For example, Company’s facilities, it implements supervisory and follow-up
commercial agreements with third parties include provisions requiring mechanisms in health and safety matters, with the objective of having
compliance with applicable health and safety standards, including the safe working environments that meet OMA’s established standards.
Federal Occupational Health and Safety Regulation, thus improving risk
prevention associated with operations.
H E A L T H
50%
A T O M A
of our were trained in health-related matters.
employees
[GRI 403-3, 403-6]
As part of its health and safety management system and recognizing
that well-being is a strategic priority for the Company, OMA focuses
on safeguarding the physical and emotional integrity of its workers,
1,089 were administered at OMA facilities,
supporting safe and healthy work environments that align with a culture
influenza
including 438 doses provided directly to
of prevention and comprehensive care. The medical exam campaign
vaccines
OMA´s employees.
continued in 2025, monitoring occupationally exposed personnel at
three airports. Anti-doping tests were administered in another campaign
at one work location to monitor exposure to risk factors and to identify
any temporary, ongoing, or aggravated changes in employees’ work-
related health status.
on health-related topics, doubling the number of
979
hours delivered in 2024 as part of the Company’s
training
ongoing efforts to strengthen internal
Among the preventive health programs in this reporting year, a flu
hours capabilities and reinforce its commitment to
vaccination campaign and other health-related events were held.
workplace well-being and prevention.
With these activities, we decrease the risk of contagion and health
complications arising from diseases.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
93
<<page 94>>
E M P L O Y E E A S S I S T A N C E
P R O G R A M ( P A E )
www.orienta-me.com
[GRI 403-6]
OMA’s Employee Assistance Program (PAE) is based on a model of
800 | 999 | 22 | 33
Comprehensive Well-Being comprised of six services: emotional, medical,
442 | 295 | 3001
nutritional, legal care, family budgeting, and veterinary services for pets.
This program contributes to improving productivity and the well-being of
our personnel. The program includes a telephone support line, WhatsApp
The Employee Assistance
assistance, virtual counseling sessions, a mobile application, and a website
available 24/7 to ensure accessibility and availability for everyone. Program guarantees the
confidentiality of employees’
As part of this model of comprehensive well-being, OMA supports
awareness activities and ongoing training for personnel through periodic
personal information and
webinars. These initiatives reinforce the program’s preventive focus, and
Company-related data
encourage physical, emotional, and social well-being, providing practical
tools for better quality of life inside and outside the work environment.
In 2025, the content included healthy nutrition, financial education,
interpersonal relationships, relaxation techniques to improve rest, and
taking care of pets in small spaces, reflecting a comprehensive focus on
well-being intended to improve the quality of life of people inside and
outside the workplace.
To further promote awareness and utilization of the Employee Assistance
Program (PAE), OMA launched an internal communication campaign in
2025 focused on increasing employee engagement with the comprehensive
well-being services available to employees and their families. Through
informative materials and awareness messages, the campaign emphasized
the importance of supporting physical, emotional, and financial well-being,
while reinforcing the program’s free, confidential, and accessible nature
across its various service channels.
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
94 | 94
<<page 95>>
D E V E L O P M E N T , G R O W T H
A N D T R A I N I N G
[GRI 404-2]
Talent development is a key issue for both OMA and VINCI Airports, and
a strategic element that is integrated throughout the entire organizational
culture. We recognize that the evolution of the airport industry requires
continuous development of employees’ skills to respond effectively to the
technical, digital, operational, and management challenges shaping the
future of the sector.
From a sustainable employability perspective, the Company encourages
continuous learning, specialized training, and professional development
as pillars to improve innovation, resilience, and the organization’s ability
to adapt in an environment of constant change. Within this context, we
have defined the development of skills and abilities as a high priority, as
well as building attractive, long-term career paths that contribute to the
professional and personal satisfaction of employees, under leadership that
promotes individuality, inclusion, autonomy, and accountability.
In line with global trends and the technological transformation of the
industry, OMA is improving the digital skills of its personnel through
initiatives focused on the adoption of new technologies, automation,
and artificial intelligence, both in airport operations and in administrative
functions. These strategies are designed to prepare the organization for
future global and industry-specific challenges, ensuring that employees
develop the capabilities required to operate in increasingly digital, efficient,
and interconnected environments, and so that they will be able to adapt to
the technological transformation processes that are redefining the industry.
OMA aligns with VINCI’s leadership vision, which demands leaders with
strong interpersonal skills and effective management capabilities. At OMA,
we continuously work to strengthen our management team’s decision-
making capabilities according to the specific needs of each situation.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
95
<<page 96>>
In order to provide employees with the tools needed to achieve the
T R A I N I N G N E E D - D E T E C T I O N
Company’s current and future objectives, OMA has a continuous training
P R O C E S S ( D N C )
program based on relevant analyses and the identification of strategic
needs. Its scope covers all Company operations and therefore includes both
unionized and non-unionized personnel.
Define training needs (Collaborate with direct supervisor)
01
The annual training plan for unionized personnel is prepared by the Human
Resources area, with the goal of meeting operating, regulatory, and safety
needs, according to the collective bargaining agreement. Training for non-
The direct supervisor validates the DNC and the employee
unionized personnel is validated by an area’s direct supervisor, and includes
02
sends it to Human Resources
courses, diplomas, certifications, and training updates.
OMA’s training programs are designed to improve the skills, knowledge,
Human Resources integrates the training program through the
and abilities of personnel, providing the tools necessary to drive their
03
collected DNCs. They may be individual or group courses
professional development and prepare them to assume key positions when
opportunities for internal promotion arise, or when positions are available
within the organization.
Human Resources notifies the supervisors and employees of
04
the dates when training will be provided
Training is divided into two main areas:
The employee attends the assigned training at the established
05
time and date
Technical Institutional
01 | 02
The employee sends Human Resources the diploma,
Courses are provided to improve These are courses on OMA’s
06
certificate, or proof of course taken
certain areas of work and are organizational culture and are
defined by the direct supervisor mandatory for all personnel.
Some of the courses provided
are the following:
Human Resources records the completed training activity in
07
the employee’s training record
• Anti-corruption
• Conflict of Interest
• Human Rights
• Procurement
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
96
<<page 97>>
T R A I N I N G H O U R S
[GRI 404-1] In 2025, a total of 70,176 training hours were provided, of which 70% was
training for unionized personnel, and 30% was for non-unionized personnel.
2022 | 2023 | 2024 | 2025
It should be noted that unionized personnel receive more training hours due
Total training hours by type of contract
to their responsibilities in airport operations and safety.
Unionized personnel | 45,201 | 47,457 | 51,873 | 49,474
Non-unionized personnel | 18,068 | 18,962 | 19,378 | 20,702
Total | 63,269 | 66,419 | 71,251 | 70,176
Average number of training hours per person by type of contract
Unionized personnel | 111 | 97 | 105 | 101
Non-unionized personnel | 55 | 30 | 29
30
Annual average per employee, type of contract and gender
Women
Unionized personnel | 11 | 14 | 19 | 22
Firefighters | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0
Rest of unionized
11 | 14 | 19 | 22
personnel
Non-unionized personnel | 31 | 25 | 26 | 29
Through | 70,176
Men
training hours
Unionized personnel | 100 | 103 | 111 | 107
Firefighters 60 50 60 57 delivered in | 2025,
Rest of unionized
40 | 53 | 51 | 50
personnel OMA continued
Non-unionized personnel | 34 | 33 | 32
31
strengthening
employee capabilities,
Training hours | 2024 | 2025
fostering professional
Total | 71,251 | 70,176
growth,
Percentage Unionized and supporting
73% | 70%
personnel
the long-term
development of its
Percentage Non-Unionized
27% | 30%
personnel
workforce.
Women | 8,493 | 9,863
Men | 62,758
60,313
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
97
<<page 98>>
I N S T I T U T I O N A L
T R A I N I N G
OMA is an organization guided by strong values that are
Job Posting
reflected in its daily activities, and in the way in which it
conducts its corporate relationships. The Company reaffirms its
commitment to the ethical culture promoted by VINCI Airports,
This program promotes internal development by posting
based on compliance with applicable laws and integrity-driven
all vacancies for employees across the Organization. All
principles that guide decision-making and behavior across
individuals who meet the required profile are encouraged to
operations.
apply in a nondiscriminatory and transparent environment,
reflecting OMA’s commitment to equal opportunity.
The Company encourages behavior among its employees
that is based on integrity, loyalty, respect for human dignity,
and protection of human rights, thus strengthening
an organizational culture based on trust, respect, and
responsibility.
OMA strengthens its institutional training through global tools
such as VINCI Academy, the Group’s training platform that
standardizes content, improves key skills, and promotes a common
culture across the countries and regions where VINCI operates.
On this platform, employees can access programs that are
structured into strategic matters such as ethics, anticorruption,
cybersecurity, human rights and compliance, thus contributing
to improving skills in accordance with international standards
and best practices.
During 2025, OMA focused on adopting these programs,
building a continuous training model that includes both
global guidelines and the business’s specific needs. This
focus is complemented by local initiatives supported through
Campus OMA, adapting content to operational needs, and
strengthening the organizational culture at all levels.
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
98 | 98
<<page 99>>
C A R E E R A N D
S U C C E S S I O N P L A N
[GRI 404-2]
Through its different development and training programs, OMA identifies
and prepares employees with the talent and skills necessary to assume
strategic positions within the organization in the short, medium, and long
term. This focus improves operating continuity, encourages internal mobility,
and supports the development of future leaders who can meet the needs
and challenges of the business.
The following program is a highlight of this talent development strategy:
Employee Experience
This talent management initiative was designed to identify,
develop, and promote high-potential employees within OMA
and VINCI Group, strengthening the development of talent
capable of responding to the evolving needs and challenges of
the global airport industry.
As part of this initiative, specific training programs for current
and future leaders have been developed, focusing on leadership
development, strategic vision, change management capabilities,
and the promotion of an open, inclusive, agile, and collaborative
organizational culture aligned with the Company’s global vision.
Through these initiatives, OMA encourages professional
development and internal mobility as key elements to
strengthen business continuity, train successors, and consolidate
teams that are prepared to face the organization’s current and
Our employees
through training programs
future challenges.
designed to meet the changing
improve their
demands of our business and the
knowledge and skills
markets in which we operate.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
99
<<page 100>>
Q U A L I T Y O F L I F E
A N D W E L L - B E I N G
[GRI 401-2, 401-3]
The Company seeks to provide benefits that go beyond legal
requirements, supporting talent retention and contributing positively
to employees’ quality of life. For unionized personnel, benefits are
established through the collective bargaining agreement.
Personnel Benefits
All full-time employees receive the following benefits:
• Cafeteria service for airport staff
• Life insurance
• Major medical insurance
• Savings fund
• Parental leave
• Marriage leave
• Economic support in the event of a death in the family
• Five-day paid leave for a death in the family
• Commercial and educational agreements
• Vacations and vacation bonus
Executive Benefits
OMA’s middle and senior management have the same
benefits as all employees, plus performance-based variable
compensation, among other benefits.
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
100 | 100
<<page 101>>
Location: Location:
INTRODUCING
M A Z A T L Á N Mazatlán, Sinaloa,
approximately 18 kilometers
from downtown Founded Founded in in | 1952 | 1952
A I R P O R T
General Rafael Buelna
International Airport
Clean Clean energy energy
Passengers Passengers
infrastructure: infrastructure:
served: served:
648 kWp solar capacity
1,736,208 in | 2025
and 2,400 kWh battery
storage
Connectivity: Connectivity:
Thirteen airlines serving
Infrastructure: Infrastructure:
25 direct destinations,
including 11 domestic and
One 2,702 meter runway
14 international routes
and 4 taxiways
Economic Economic and and
tourism tourism relevance: relevance:
Built Built area: area:
Major tourism hub in Sinaloa
20,630 m² terminal and one of Mexico’s leading
infrastructure, including 2,020 m² beach destinations
of commercial space
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
101 | 101
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
<<page 102>>
Parental Leave N U M B E R O F E M P L OY E E S
W I T H PA R E N TA L L E AV E
By Gender
OMA recognizes the importance of supporting employees
during significant family life events, including the arrival of a
Women Men
new family member. The Company not only respects, protects,
and promotes employees’ rights to take parental leave, but
also provides additional leave for primary caregivers.
5
9
4
In 2025, 13 employees were eligible for parental leave,
and 77% of those who took parental leave returned to
10
work following the end of their leave period, reflecting | 9
7
the Company’s commitment to workforce continuity and
employee well-being.
2023 | 2024 | 2025
16 | 15 | 13
Total Total
Total
E M P L OY E E S W I T H PA R E N TA L L E AV E
who returned after parental leave, by gender
Employees Percentage Percentage remaining
who returned of the total after one year
2022 | 2023 | 2024
2025
Women | 13 | 42% | 93% | 7100% | 100% | 960% | 78% | 646% | 100%
Men | 15 | 48% | 88% | 9100% | 100% | 533% | 80% | 431% | 100%
Total | 28 | 90% | 90% | 16 | 100% | 100% | 14 | 93% | 79% | 10 | 77% | 100%
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
102
<<page 103>>
Commercial and
Educational Agreements
OMA develops partnerships with companies and
institutions that provide employees and their families with
access to additional services, educational opportunities,
and preferential benefits that contribute to improving
their quality of life.
In 2025, agreements were established with educational
institutions, clinical laboratories, ophthalmologists,
doctors, hotels, insurance, and duty-free stores, creating
preferential offers and discounts for personnel and their
direct family members.
Our main agreements include the following
businesses:
Hotels
• Universidad de Monterrey (UDEM)
• JW Marriott
• Novotel • Universidad Autónoma de Nuevo
• Hyatt Place / House León (UANL)
• Camino Real
• Hilton MTY Valle Funeral Services
• MS Milenium • Inmobiliaria del Valle de San Pedro
Valle de la Paz
• Grupo Presidente Intercontinental
Schools Health
• Precisión Óptica (Ópticas LUX)
• Universidad Tecmilenio
• Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios • Hospital Sierra Madre
Superiores de Monterrey (ITESM) • Swiss Hospital
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
103 | 103
<<page 104>>
P E R F O R M A N C E
E V A L U A T I O N S
P E R F O R M A N C E E VA L U AT I O N
[GRI 404-3]
2024 | 2025
As part of our continuous improvement processes, OMA conducts By Gender
Women | 274 | 244
annual performance evaluations for employees, with biennial reviews.
The goal of these evaluations is to reward productivity at work and Men | 327 | 308
enhance potential in relevant areas of performance. Total | 601 | 552
Total: (non-unionized personnel with more than six months with the Company)
We assess how well employees meet their job objectives, promote
skill development, and ensure equal opportunities for all OMA team P E R F O R M A N C E E VA L U AT I O N P R O C E S S
members.
To achieve this goal, we implement various tools that support
professional and personal development through planned changes
and short, medium, and long-term programs, always aligned with our
business strategy. Definition of Mid-term Feedback Final Feedback
objectives evaluation meeting to evaluation meeting with
advance with the supervisor
During the 2025 performance evaluation process, 100% of employees
objectives
with at least six months of service participated in the assessment, with
552 administrative employees evaluated | 01 | 02 | 03 | 04 | 05
For the second consecutive year, OMA was The processes implemented by the Mexican
O R G A N I Z A T I O N A L
recognized in 2025 by the Mexican Institute of Institute of Institutional Culture and Climate for
C L I M A T E Institutional Culture and Climate through the this process are designed in accordance with the
“Mexico Inspiring Cultures” certification program. guidelines established in International Standard
[SASB SV-PS-330a.3]
This distinction evaluates the implementation of ISO/IEC 17067:2013, which defines certification
policies and practices aimed at strengthening requirements and management plans, ensuring
employee well-being, fostering an inclusive and consistency and transparency in the evaluation
engaging workplace culture, and promoting high methodology of companies’ working conditions.
standards of organizational commitment and
workplace experience.
reported high levels of commitment,
According to an internal | 70.51%
satisfaction, and well-being.
survey conducted in | 2025, | 104
of employees
<<page 105>>
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
105
<<page 106>>
E N V I R O N M E N T A L
M A N A G E M E N T A T O M A
[GRI 2-25, 201-2, 302-5] Environmental management is
As OMA celebrates 25 years of connecting communities and driving regional
embedded across OMA’s operations,
development, the Company remains committed to advancing a more sustainable
airport network as part of VINCI Airports through the responsible management
supporting resource efficiency, operational resilience,
of environmental impacts and the continuous improvement of operational
and the long-term sustainability of its airport network.
performance. Our environmental strategy is focused on three key priorities:
climate change, circular economy, and the protection of natural ecosystems.
Environmental management is embedded throughout decision-making
processes across the organization and supported by a preventive approach
that promotes resource efficiency, operational resilience, and long-term value
creation. Through environmental programs, operational controls, and continuous
improvement initiatives, OMA seeks to reduce its environmental footprint while
supporting the sustainable development of the regions where it operates.
The Group’s 13 airports hold the Environmental Quality Certificate granted by
the Federal Attorney for Environmental Protection (PROFEPA). This certification
validates compliance with federal and local environmental laws, regulations,
and Official Mexican Standards set by the Ministry of Environment and Natural
Resources (SEMARNAT).
The Company also continues to enhance the transparency and reliability of
its environmental information. OMA’s Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas
emissions are validated through the Airport Carbon Accreditation program,
while continuing to strengthen its greenhouse gas management and reporting
processes in alignment with ISO 14064-1.
In 2025, OMA further strengthened its environmental disclosure practices
through participation in CDP, achieving a CDP score of C for Climate Change
and B- for Water Security. These results reflect the Company’s ongoing efforts to
improve environmental governance and the management of climate- and water-
related challenges across its airport network.
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
106 | 106
<<page 107>>
E N V I R O N M E N T A L
M A T T E R S
[GRI 2-25, 201-2, 203-1, 302-1, 302-2, 302-4, 302-5]
At OMA, we are committed to providing world-class airport infrastructure and contributed to higher reported greenhouse gas emissions. These conditions
operational excellence. Through VINCI Airports, we are part of the world’s reinforce the importance of continuing to implement energy efficiency,
largest private airport network, which strengthens our ability to advance more decarbonization, and sustainability measures across our airport operations.
efficient, resilient and sustainable airport operations across our network.
To continuously reduce our environmental footprint, OMA has implemented
Our airport network continues to face environmental challenges associated strategies focused on minimizing the consumption of fossil fuels, reducing
with climate change and increasing operational demand. In recent years, dependence on electricity from non-renewable sources, optimizing water
rising temperatures across Mexico have significantly increased the demand for consumption, and advancing circular economy practices.
climate control systems, particularly during periods of extreme heat, in order
to maintain optimal comfort conditions for passengers and support critical Some of the projects and initiatives implemented in recent years to support
airport operations. the reduction of Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions include:
In addition, adjustments to the electricity emission factor applicable to
electricity supplied by the Federal Electricity Commission (CFE) for | 2025
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
107 | 107
<<page 108>>
G R E E N I N V E S T M E N T S , E N E R G Y E F F I C I E N C Y, Level 3 “Optimization” recognizes not only reductions in direct and indirect
emissions, but also active engagement with third parties, including airlines,
A N D C L I M AT E - F O C U S E D A C T I O N S
concessionaires, and suppliers, to manage emissions across the airport value chain.
P O W E R P U R C H A S E A G R E E M E N T ( P PA )
E N V I R O N M E N TA L W E E K
In 2019, OMA signed a power purchase agreement to source energy from
As part of the VINCI Group’s Environmental Week initiative, OMA joined a global
a wind farm. As a result, wind power supplied a significant portion of the
effort to raise awareness and promote action on environmental sustainability.
electricity required for operations, accounting for an average of 72% of total
Activities carried out across our airports and corporate offices provided
consumption in 2025.
opportunities for employees to deepen their understanding of aviation-
related environmental challenges and contribute to a culture of environmental
I N V E S T M E N T I N E N E R G Y E F F I C I E N T S Y S T E M S
responsibility.
Since 2021, the Company has been replacing runway lighting systems with
The program explored a range of key topics, including:
LED and solar-powered technology at the airports of Reynosa, Acapulco,
Monterrey, Mazatlán, Durango, Torreón, and Zacatecas.
• Climate change: Understanding the challenges posed by climate change
and exploring ways to reduce our carbon footprint
Additionally, through the battery banks installed at the airports of Monterrey,
• Water conservation: Reducing consumption, optimizing reuse and
Chihuahua, Ciudad Juárez, San Luis Potosí, Mazatlán, Acapulco, Culiacán,
ensuring treatment of all wastewater
Durango, Reynosa, Torreón, Zacatecas, and Zihuatanejo, the Company added
• Energy: Implementing measures to optimize energy consumption
storage capacity of 75.95 MWh, allowing the Company to reduce electricity
• Biodiversity: Recognizing the importance of preserving natural ecosystems
consumption from the grid during peak-demand periods.
and promoting biodiversity
• Airport Carbon Accreditation: Striving for continuous improvement in
A I R P O R T C A R B O N A C C R E D I TAT I O N P R O G R A M
carbon management
• Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs): Aligning our efforts with global
OMA is committed to identifying, managing, and reducing its carbon emissions.
sustainable development objectives
In 2025, OMA maintained Level 3 “Optimization” accreditation for its 13 airports
under the Airport Carbon Accreditation (ACA) program, administered by
Airports Council International Latin America and the Caribbean (ACI-LAC).
OMA’s 13 airports maintained Level | 3
This globally recognized program is the only carbon management certification accreditation under the
“Optimization”
specifically designed for the airport sector. Its objective is to assess and
program.
Airport Carbon Accreditation (ACA)
recognize the efforts made by airports to measure, manage, and reduce their
carbon emissions.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
108
<<page 109>>
INTRODUCING
Location: Location:
Founded Founded in in 1956. 1956.
C U L I A C Á N
Culiacán, Sinaloa,
approximately 14 kilometers
A I R P O R T
from downtown
Bachigualato Federal
Clean Clean energy energy
International Airport
infrastructure: infrastructure:
699 kWp solar capacity and
1,219 kWh battery storage
Passengers Passengers
served: served:
2,162,362 in | 2025
Connectivity: Connectivity:
Four airlines serving
11 direct destinations,
including 10 domestic
Infrastructure: Infrastructure:
and 1 international route
One 2,227-meter runway
and 6 taxiways
Expansion Expansion
project: project:
Built Built area: area:
Ps. 1,100 million investment,
12,128 m² terminal
with completion expected
infrastructure, including 1,819 m²
by | 2027
of commercial space
Economic Economic relevance: relevance:
Supports one of Mexico’s leading
agricultural and livestock regions
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
109 | 109
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
<<page 110>>
E N V I R O N M E N T A L
I M P A C T
[GRI 2-25, 305-1, 305-2, 305-4, 305-5, 305-7]
S I G N I F I C A N T E N V I R O N M E N TA L I S S U E S
Zero environmental
As part of its environmental management approach, OMA identifies and manages the environmental aspects
associated with its airport operations, infrastructure development, and support activities. These issues are
fines or warnings
regularly monitored and addressed through programs focused on resource efficiency, emissions and waste
were received in
management, environmental compliance, and biodiversity protection.
2025 across OMA’s
airport network.
The following environmental issues are considered the most significant across the Company’s operations:
Commercial locations Emergency plants Wastewater
(generation of solid waste). (emissions into the atmosphere) (water treatment plants)
Promotion Energy consumption Consumption
of green areas (terminal and other buildings) of potable water
Risk to Generation of Construction, expansion, and/ Storage, collection,
fauna hazardous waste or remodeling of buildings and disposal of waste
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
110
<<page 111>>
E N E R G Y
C O N S U M P T I O N
The Company’s energy
E N E R G Y C O N S U M P T I O N
requirements arise mainly from
electricity consumption, which
2022 | 2023 | 2024
2025
is used for illumination and air
conditioning at airports, and to a
Energy source kWh % kWh % kWh % kWh %
lesser extent, the use of fuels such
Federal Electricity
as gasoline, diesel, natural gas,
2,547,983 | 4% | 2,406,461 | 4% | 3,599,025 | 5% | 9,421,987 | 13%
Commission
and LP gas used in construction
machinery and vehicle transport.
PPA | 49,092,689 | 78% | 56,901,023 | 79% | 57,871,801 | 81% | 54,933,000 | 72%
Solar panels | 11,224,100 | 18% | 12,490,178 | 17% | 10,201,721 | 14% | 11,508,259 | 15%
P E R C E N TA G E O F
R E N E WA B L E E N E R G Y
Total | 62,864,772 | 100% | 71,797,662 | 100% | 71,672,547 | 100% | 75,863,246 | 100%
B Y S O U R C E
Percentage of energy F U E L C O N S U M P T I O N
consumed under the PPA
Percentage of energy
consumed under the solar panels | 2022 | 2023 | 2024 | 2025
Type of Fuel Liters % Liters % Liters % Liters %
Diesel | 118,859 | 24% | 119,453 | 18% | 133,698 | 21% | 180,033 | 39%
78% | 79% | 81% | 72%
Gasoline | 197,710 | 39% | 205,089 | 32% | 196,503 | 31% | 198,049 | 43%
LP Gas | 162,553 | 32% | 150,519 | 23% | 168,728 | 27% | 67,160 | 15%
Natural Gas | 26,335 | 5% | 175,103 | 27% | 132,764 | 21% | 11,808 | 3%
Total | 505,457 | 100% | 650,164 | 100% | 631,694 | 100% | 457,050 | 100%
18% | 17% | 14% | 15%
2022 | 2023 | 2024 | 2025
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
111
<<page 112>>
E M I S S I O N S
M A N A G E M E N T
S U M M A R Y O F C A R B O N E M I S S I O N S
[GRI 2-25, 305-1, 305-2, 305-4, 305-5, 305-7]
(TCO E) Scope 1 and | 2
2
OMA works to minimize the environmental impacts of its operations and the resulting
emissions while actively contributing to the commitments established for the VINCI
2018 | 2022 | 2023 | 2024 | 2025
Airports network.
Scope 1 Emissions (Base Year)
Diesel | 434 | 347 | 348 | 389 | 517
To measure emissions, OMA performs a calculation on the amount of Scope 1 and | 2
emissions, in compliance with SEMARNAT stipulations through the General Law on
Gasoline | 607 | 503 | 522 | 500 | 504
Climate Change (LGCC), its Regulations, and the National Emissions Registry (RENE);
LP Gas | 214 | 273 | 253 | 283 | 111
however, for the purposes of this report, the Company has calculated the total
Natural Gas | N/A | N/A | N/A | 272 | 022
amount of Scope 1 and 2 CO emissions using the market-based method of the GHG
2
Protocol. For the calculation of Scope 2 emissions, the factor is used for each of the Total Scope 1 Emissions23 | 1,255 | 1,123 | 1,123 | 1,444 | 1,132
three sources of energy used by OMA (CFE, PPA, and solar panels).
Scope 2 Emissions
Electricity | 31,764 | 1,108 | 1,054 | 1,623 | 4,183
Under this methodology, a more accurate representation of total direct and indirect
Total Scope 2 Emissions24 | 31,764 | 1,108 | 1,054 | 1,623 | 4,18325
emissions is obtained. The methodology also reflects the benefits associated with
renewable energy acquired from third parties and generated through installed Total Emissions | 33,019 | 2,232 | 2,177 | 3,067 | 5,315
renewable energy systems. N/A: Not available
22 Natural gas emissions for 2025 are shown as 0 tCO e due to rounding. The unrounded value was | 0.002
As part of the measurement process, the Company has developed a well-founded | 2
tCO e, reflecting the discontinuation of passenger transport units known as Aerocares, which were
2
record that enables precise measurement of emissions in both Scopes. For Scope 1, progressively replaced with electric vehicles.
sources related to non-renewable fuel consumption are considered, while Scope | 2
Beginning in 2026, OMA will no longer use natural gas at its airports, completing the phase-out of this
includes emissions from electricity consumption, both expressed in CO equivalent. energy source across its operations.
2
23 For the purpose of calculating tCO e for Scope 1 emissions and for electricity sourced from the Federal
2
Electricity Commission (CFE), OMA uses the emission factors published by SEMARNAT for each source. For
In 2025, OMA generated emissions totaling 5,315 metric tons of CO equivalent
2 electricity consumed under the PPA and generated by solar panels, the Company applies an emission factor
(tCO e). Scope 1 emissions accounted for 1,132 tCO e, representing 21% of the total,
of 0 tCO e, as these sources are 100% renewable.
2 | 2 | 2
while Scope 2 emissions were 4,183 tCO e, representing 79%. Total Scope 1 and
224 As of March 2019, Scope 2 emissions decreased as a result of the PPA taking effect.
Scope 2 emissions were lower than in the 2018 baseline year.
25 The increase in Scope 2 emissions was mainly due to a temporary change in the electricity supply source.
During November and December, Monterrey Airport relied entirely on electricity supplied by the Federal
Regarding Scope 3, VINCI Group aims for a 20% reduction of emissions by 2030. Electricity Commission (CFE) due to a temporary interruption of its Power Purchase Agreement (PPA).
OMA recognizes that a significant portion of emissions falls within this scope,
As electricity supplied by CFE is calculated using the emission factor of Mexico’s national electricity grid,
primarily related to aircraft operations (e.g., landing and takeoff cycles, taxiing). We which is higher than the factor associated with the contracted PPA supply, reported emissions increased
during this period. This variation was the result of a temporary operational condition and was not driven by
are currently developing plans that will enable us to measure Scope 3 emissions, and
higher electricity consumption at the airport.
in turn, establish future targets.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
112
<<page 113>>
S C O P E 1 A N D 2 G H G E M I S S I O N S
C L I M AT E - R E L AT E D R I S K S
(TCO E) By Airport
2 A N D O P P O R T U N I T I E S M A N A G E M E N T
Airport 2018 2022 2023 2024 2025 As part of its commitment to resilient infrastructure and long-term value
(Base year)
creation, OMA continued strengthening its understanding of climate-related
Acapulco 3,439 84 66 66 67 risks and opportunities during 2025. The Company further enhanced its
Ciudad Juárez 1,392 108 104 343 1,090 assessment of climate-related factors that may influence airport operations,
infrastructure performance, and service continuity.
Culiacán | 2,601 | 116 | 120 | 131 | 119
Chihuahua | 1,537 | 270 | 334 | 358 | 246
During the year, OMA advanced its preparation for emerging sustainability
Durango | 413 | 65 | 61 | 68 | 66
disclosure requirements, including the IFRS Sustainability Disclosure Standards
Mazatlán | 2,536 | 76 | 62 | 78 | 75
(IFRS S1 and IFRS S2) promoted by Mexico’s National Banking and Securities
Monterrey 15,236 1,051 957 1,264 2,830 Commission (CNBV). These efforts focused on strengthening governance, risk
management, and sustainability-related information processes to support future
Reynosa | 841 | 114 | 169 | 430 | 511
reporting requirements.
San Luis Potosí | 665 | 64 | 98 | 98 | 91
Tampico | 1,461 | 141 | 66 | 101 | 74
As part of this work, OMA assessed both physical and transition risks associated
Torreón | 906 | 42 | 47 | 37 | 44
with climate change. Key considerations included extreme temperatures,
Zacatecas 350 58 49 50 50 hurricanes and other severe weather events affecting coastal locations, water
stress conditions in certain regions, as well as evolving regulatory requirements,
Zihuatanejo | 1,642 | 43 | 44 | 43 | 52
energy market dynamics, and stakeholder expectations associated with the
Total | 33,019 | 2,232 | 2,177 | 3,067 | 5,315
transition to a lower-carbon economy.
The Company also expanded its climate-related risk assessment capabilities,
including the use of climate scenario analysis with 2030 and 2050 reference
horizons to support the evaluation of potential climate-related impacts under
different future conditions.
The insights generated through these activities contributed to the ongoing
enhancement of OMA’s Corporate Risk Management System and supported
decision-making processes related to energy efficiency, emissions reduction,
responsible water management, and climate adaptation, in alignment with the
environmental priorities and decarbonization ambitions of VINCI Airports.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
113
<<page 114>>
O U R C A R B O N
R E D U C T I O N O B J E C T I V E S
R E N E WA B L E E L E C T R I C I T Y A S A
P E R C E N TA G E O F T O TA L C O N S U M P T I O N
[GRI 305-5]
PPA Solar Federal Electricity
As part of OMA’s sustainability commitment, we focus on reducing emissions,
Panels Commission
providing clarity about the road map to follow. In line with VINCI’s commitments,
our focus is to contribute positively to one of our shared strategic environmental | 4% | 4% | 5% | 13%
priorities: climate change.
18% | 17% | 14%
15%
18% | 14%
15%
• A two-thirds reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030: VINCI
15%
Concessions—which groups together airport, highway, and railroad
divisions—has committed to decreasing its direct CO emissions by two-
278% | 79% | 81% | 72%
78% | 81%
77%
thirds between 2018 and 2030. In support of VINCI Concessions’ global
objectives, OMA follows the Group’s global guidelines for reducing
2022 | 2023 | 2024 | 2025
Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions. OMA reached this reduction
62,865MWh 71,798MWh 71,673 75,863MWh
MWh
level in 2023, seven years earlier than expected. In the coming years,
Total Total Total Total
fuel and energy consumption is expected to increase due to the growth
of operations and infrastructure expansion, which could place pressure
on current carbon emissions levels. OMA is currently evaluating how to
continue reducing its carbon footprint in order to meet its medium- and
long-term objectives.
• Net Zero emissions by 2050: We have proposed reaching Net Zero
emissions by 2050, ensuring that our operations are environmentally
sustainable in the long term.
T O TA L O F C A R B O N E M I S S I O N S
( T C O E ) S C O P E 1 A N D | 2
2
Value
2018 (Base year) | 33,019
2022 | 2,232
2023 | 2,177
2024 | 3,067
2025 | 5,315
2030 Objective | -66.70%
2050 NET ZERO
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT | 114
114
<<page 115>>
A C C O M P L I S H E D O U R | 2 | 0 | 2 | 5
E M I S S I O N S I N T E N S I T Y TA R G E T
As part of the sustainability commitments established
under OMA’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework,
the Company set a target to reduce Scope 1 and Scope
2 emissions intensity to 0.65 kg CO e per passenger
2
by 2025. Upon reaching this milestone year, OMA
significantly exceeded the target, achieving an audited
D E C A R B O N I Z AT I O N A N D
emissions intensity of 0.18 kg CO e26 per passenger,
2
equivalent to 72% below the established target and an E N E R G Y E F F I C I E N C Y A C T I O N S
88% reduction compared to the 2018 baseline.
C O E M I S S I O N S P E R PA S S E N G E R
Installation of LED lighting Replacement of the entire
2
KGCO e/PAX (Scope 1 and 2 Emissions)
across 70% of airport
2 fleet of airside buses used
Base year facilities, providing improved to transport passengers
illumination while reducing within Monterrey Airport
1.53
electricity consumption
with electric units
0.65
77%
0.18
0.10 | 0.08 | 0.12
2025
2018 2022 (i) 2023 (i) 2024 (i) 2025 (i)
OMA´s
Audited
Objective
Integration of wind energy Installation of solar
i. Verified by Addere Solutions, S.C.
through Power Purchase panels across all OMA
Agreements (PPAs) airports
OMA achieved an audited emissions intensity
of 0.18 kgCO e per passenger in | 2025,
2
outperforming its target and reducing
In 2025, OMA achieved a fully electric
emissions intensity by 88% compared to 2018.
airside shuttle fleet at Monterrey International
Airport, with 100% of the Company’s airside
26 For additional information, please refer to Annex 1.
shuttles now operating on electric power.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
115
<<page 116>>
S U S T A I N A B L E W A S T E
M A N A G E M E N T
[GRI 306-1, 306-2, 306-3]
Sustainable waste management is a key
component of OMA’s environmental
strategy. Through the implementation of
operational controls and waste management
procedures, the Company seeks to minimize
the environmental impacts associated with
airport activities while promoting the efficient
use of resources.
As part of VINCI Airports, OMA continues to
strengthen its approach to circular economy
by promoting waste reduction, segregation,
recovery, and responsible disposal practices
across its airport network. The Company
maintains processes and guidelines for
the identification, storage, transportation,
treatment, and final disposal of waste in
compliance with applicable environmental
regulations.
In 2025, OMA’s airports generated a total of
2,105 tons of waste, of which 5.37 tons were
classified as hazardous waste and 2,099 tons
as non-hazardous waste. Through proper
classification and management processes,
the Company seeks to ensure the responsible
handling and disposal of waste while
minimizing its environmental footprint.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
116
<<page 117>>
H A Z A R D O U S
W A S T E
[GRI 306-3]
Hazardous waste requires specialized handling due to To ensure proper collection and handling of H A Z A R D O U S WA S T E
characteristics such as corrosivity, reactivity, explosivity, hazardous waste, the following actions are taken: (Tons)
toxicity, flammability, or the presence of infectious agents
that may pose risks to human health or the environment. a. Waste is securely packaged in containers Airport | 2022 | 2023 | 2024 | 2025
This category also includes contaminated materials, such that comply with safety-handling
Acapulco | 0.43 | 0.45 | 0.37 | 1.10
as packaging, containers, and soil, as well as other waste conditions, including appropriate
Ciudad Juárez | 0.05 | 0.42 | 0.86 | 0.00
streams classified as hazardous under applicable Mexican dimensions, shapes, and materials.
Culiacán | 0.03 | 0.03 | 0.07 | 0.01
regulations, including NOM-052-SEMARNAT. This packaging prevents leaks, spills,
Chihuahua | 0.07 | 0.69 | 0.67 | 0.71
emissions, explosions, and fires, taking
Durango | 0.02 | 0.06 | 0.04 | 0.03
At the airports, hazardous waste is generated from the into consideration the hazardous
following activities: characteristics of the waste. Mazatlán | 0.01 | 0.08 | 0.12 | 0.19
• Airport operational activities Monterrey | 2.65 | 1.44 | 0.51 | 2.54
• Maintenance-related tasks b. For liquid waste, bottles and containers
Reynosa | 0.53 | 0.42 | 0.43 | 0.45
• Storage of aerosols at airport inspection points, with pressurized or screw-on lids are used,
San Luis Potosí | 0.18 | 0.18 | 0.00 | 0.05
excluding their presence in sterile areas of ensuring they are filled to a maximum of
Tampico | 0.75 | 0.62 | 0.62 | 0.04
aerodromes. If carried through passenger- 80% of their capacity.
Torreón | 0.14 | 0.01 | 0.04 | 0.00
inspection points, they must be contained in
Zacatecas | 0.14 | 0.06 | 0.28 | 0.07
individual containers with a capacity not exceeding c. Hazardous waste is transferred to
Zihuatanejo | 0.25 | 0.15 | 0.24 | 0.18
100 ml, following the guidelines of Mandatory temporary storage on the same day it is
Circular CO SA-17.2/10 R3 issued by AFAC. generated.
Total | 5.09 | 4.61 | 4.24 | 5.37
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
117 | 117
<<page 118>>
N O N - H A Z A R D O U S
W A S T E
N O N - H A Z A R D O U S WA S T E
[GRI 306-3, 306-4, 306-5] (Tons)
Non-hazardous waste represents the largest waste stream generated across OMA’s airport Airport | 2022 | 2023 | 2024 | 2025
network. It is primarily associated with airport operations, commercial activities, and Acapulco | 710 | 14 | 18
passenger services, and includes materials such as paper, cardboard, PET, aluminum, organic
Ciudad Juárez | 203 | 321 | 330 | 174
waste, garden waste, and other recyclable or recoverable materials.
Culiacán | 215 | 228 | 241 | 213
Chihuahua | 152 | 246 | 288 | 223
OMA promotes the segregation, recovery, and responsible management of non-hazardous
Durango | 30 | 24 | 34 | 31
waste through operational procedures implemented at each airport. Waste is classified and
Mazatlán | 77 | 88 | 99 | 95
managed in accordance with applicable environmental regulations, supporting resource
efficiency and the principles of circular economy across the network. Monterrey | 787 | 1,006 | 1,166 | 1,026
Reynosa | 26 | 38 | 52 | 50
To strengthen waste management practices, OMA implements initiatives such as: San Luis Potosí | 49 | 48 | 68 | 77
Tampico | 33 | 34 | 39 | 40
• Waste-generation reduction program
Torreón | 66 | 71 | 84 | 77
• Continuous virtual training
Zacatecas | 22 | 30 | 29 | 28
• Waste classification protocol
Zihuatanejo | 38 | 41 | 60 | 47
• Temporary storage authorized by the Ministry
Total OMA | 1,705 | 2,185 | 2,504 | 2,099
of the Environment and Natural Resources (SEMARNAT)
WA S T E D I S P O S A L M E T H O D WA S T E S E N T T O L A N D F I L L R E C YC L I N G O F N O N - H A Z A R D O U S WA S T E
(Tons) (Tons) (Tons)
Aluminum | 0.31 | 5.94 | 1.49 | 3.00
Recycling Disposed to landfill
Cardboard | 239.97 | 120.71 | 42.53 | 73.00
Total 1,705 2,185 2,504 2,099 PET | 35.20 | 74.65 | 32.18 | 38.00
93
218 126 Paper | 1.01 | 1.85 | 3.59 | 2.00
2,411
288 Scrap metal | 5.69 | 6.85 | 2.42 | 3.00
1,967 1,973 Wood | 0.01 | 0.13 | 0.18 | 0.34
1,416
Glass | 6.30 | 7.48 | 10.42 | 7.00
Other materials | 0.04 | 0.00 | 0.08 | 0.12
1,416 | 1,967 | 2,411 | 1,973
Total Recycled Waste | 92.9027 | 126.4628
288.53 | 217.61
2022 | 2023 | 2024 | 2025 | 2022 | 2023 | 2024 | 2025
27 and | 28
The decrease in recycled waste volumes observed in 2024 and 2025 was mainly attributable to changes in waste management suppliers and contractual
arrangements, as well as limitations related to the quality specifications required by recycling vendors for certain recyclable materials.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
118
<<page 119>>
I N C L U S I V E C I R C U L A R E C O N O M Y Positive Social Impact
M A N A G E M E N T P R O C E S S
P R O G R A M
(S P E C I A L H A N D L I N G)
• Support for Social Sectors: The program
includes collaboration with local communities
As part of VINCI Airports’ environmental strategy, OMA
and social organizations to create employment
continues to advance the implementation of the Inclusive
and training opportunities in waste
01 Circular Economy program across its airport network. The
management and recycling
program aims to eliminate non-hazardous waste sent to
landfills by 2030 while generating positive environmental
• Community Projects: Initiatives are developed
and social impacts in the communities where OMA
Generation of waste that
to involve the community in circular economy
requires special handling operates. The initiative is currently being deployed at
practices, such as recycling workshops and
several airports, including Monterrey International Airport,
educational programs on sustainability
through the following key objectives:
02
• Waste Reduction: The program seeks to minimize waste
generation at the source by implementing eco-design
practices and encouraging the use of recycled and
Internal collection of waste
reused materials
T he waste
that requires special handling
segregation program
• Recycling and Reuse: Advanced waste classification
and recovery systems have been established to make
sure as much material as possible is recycled or reused.
03 has contributed to positive social
During the last quarter of 2025, OMA initiated a waste
outcomes by creating employment
segregation program in collaboration with an integrated
waste management provider, implementing the
opportunities for six individuals
Record of waste that requires
separation of recyclable materials at the airport
special handling
from vulnerable groups during its
In 2025, 6% of the total non-hazardous waste was
initial implementation phase.
recycled, bringing an advance to the zero waste to
04
landfill goal.
• Zero Waste to Landfill: The goal is for all non-hazardous
Transport and
waste generated in airport operations to be recovered
disposal
for energy or material use before | 2030
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
119
<<page 120>>
N A T U R A L
E N V I R O N M E N T
Water supply sources are divided into two categories: water obtained from
the municipal supply, and water extracted from groundwater. The airports
in Culiacán, Mazatlán, Tampico and Torreón receive their water from the
In the context of OMA, environmental topics such as water, biodiversity, and
respective municipalities, and water at the facilities in Acapulco, Chihuahua,
pollution are now considered part of the material topic called Natural Environment.
Ciudad Juárez, Durango, Monterrey, Reynosa, San Luis Potosí, Zacatecas and
Below, we present our management approach to the related matters.
Zihuatanejo comes from well extraction.
WAT E R C O N S U M P T I O N
R E S P O N S I B L E W AT E R C O N S U M P T I O N
By type of source (m3)
[GRI 303-1, 303-3, 303-5]
Municipal supply Well extraction
Water is a vital aspect in airport operations, and an indispensable resource for
providing service to clients and passengers. OMA therefore focuses on rational
and responsible use for reducing water consumption, with special consideration
for areas that face water stress.
To fulfill our commitment to responsible water consumption, we have
579,593
548,846
518,988
implemented a range of measures, including:
490,280
• Installation of water treatment plants at all 13 airports
• Analysis of processes to identify opportunities for reducing water
151,453
125,000
94,296 | 109,860
consumption
• Replacement of conventional equipment with eco-efficient
2022 | 2023 | 2024 | 2025
alternatives
584,576 | 658,706 | 704,593 | 670,441
• Installation of shut-off valves to prevent waste
Total Total Total Total
• Regular inspection of pipes to detect and address any leaks
• Utilization of water created by air conditioning condensation
TOTAL PA SSENGERS
• Calibration of bathroom fixtures to ensure efficient water use Per year
• Incorporation of presence sensors and automatic shut-off taps in
2022 | 2023 | 2024 | 2025
restrooms
23,220,746 | 26,845,451 | 26,510,498
28,750,694
• Implementation of water flow sensors to monitor usage
• Reuse of treated water for irrigation purposes in green spaces
Liters per passenger
• Water conservation awareness programs
25 | 25 | 27 | 23
• Maintenance of facilities
• Smart monitoring systems to monitor water consumption and water cycles
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
120
<<page 121>>
W A S T E W AT E R T R E AT M E N T P L A N T S
[GRI 303-4]
As part of our commitment to water conservation, all of OMA’s airports are equipped with wastewater treatment plants that operate using activated
sludge systems, which ensure that the wastewater generated meets the established environmental standards. It is worth noting that the treated water
from our plants is effectively used for irrigation of green areas across the airports.
To ensure the utmost quality of the wastewater, regular assessments are conducted every three months. Samples are carefully analyzed at laboratories
accredited by the Mexican Accreditation Entity and approved by the National Water Commission. These evaluations adhere to the guidelines established
in NOM-001-SEMARNAT-1996, which outlines the mitigation of environmental impacts when discharging treated water into the soil.
In 2025, OMA’s total water consumption was 670,441 cubic meters, while 204,190 cubic meters of wastewater were directed to the treatment plants
located at each respective airport:
T R E AT E D WAT E R
(m3)
by airport
Airport | 2022 | 2023 | 2024
2025
Among its 1 3 airports,
Acapulco | 9,882 | 6,014 | 4,422 | 3,084
Ciudad Juárez | 5,949 | 6,929 | 23,093 | 16,317
OMA operates water treatment
Culiacán | 18,608 | 19,413 | 16,862 | 15,683
plants supervised by Mexico’s
Chihuahua | 17,682 | 10,168 | 12,436 | 6,874
Durango 6,239 5,628 5,574 7,161 National Water Commission
Mazatlán | 23,751 | 25,301 | 25,051 | 24,070
(CONAGUA). The Company performs
Monterrey | 58,093 | 83,687 | 84,285 | 88,136
quarterly monitoring through certified
Reynosa | 7,761 | 6,476 | 6,309 | 4,723
laboratories to analyze treated water
San Luis Potosí | 6,330 | 6,987 | 8,161 | 8,240
and verify compliance with the parameters
Tampico | 12,539 | 14,840 | 13,675 | 9,711
established in NOM-001-SEMARNAT-1996.
Torreón | 6,336 | 6,615 | 6,239 | 6,416
Zacatecas | 5,144 | 5,159 | 5,441 | 5,826
Zihuatanejo | 7,042 | 8,455 | 10,421 | 7,949
Total | 185,357 | 208,544 | 221,969 | 204,190
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
121
<<page 122>>
P R O T E C T I N G
B I O D I V E R S I T Y
[GRI 304-1, 304-2, 304-3, 304-4]
OMA recognizes that airport operations interact directly with the natural The nursery provides the infrastructure and conditions necessary to
environment and surrounding ecosystems. The Company is therefore committed to support the growth of mangrove seedlings through their different stages of
minimizing environmental impacts, promoting the responsible use of resources, and development, from germination to young trees reaching approximately two
protecting biodiversity through preventive management, environmental monitoring, meters in height.
and continuous improvement initiatives across its airport network.
Furthermore, another UMA was established at Monterrey Airport based on
These efforts support the long-term sustainability of OMA’s operations while the At-Risk Fauna Management Plan for Aviation. Its purpose is to support the
contributing to the conservation of natural resources and ecosystems for future proper management and conservation of species present within the airport
generations. As part of VINCI Airports, OMA aligns its biodiversity management environment while providing protection and care for species at risk.
approach with the network’s three strategic biodiversity pillars:
The UMA supports biodiversity conservation through the following activities:
1. Reveal (biodiversity and its value)
• Rescue and rehabilitation of wildlife affected by operational
activities or natural events
• Environmental awareness and education activities for airport
2. Reduce (impacts on fauna, flora and natural habitats)
visitors, including the exhibition of protected species
• Promotion of environmental and wildlife conservation initiatives
• Relocation and reintroduction of flora and fauna species to suitable
3. Restore (natural habitats and ecosystem services)
natural habitats when appropriate
OMA has implemented a range of initiatives aimed at protecting biodiversity During 2025, OMA continued implementing wildlife management activities
and supporting ecosystem conservation in and around its airports. Among these within operational areas, focusing on species that may pose a risk to
initiatives, the Company operates two Wildlife Management Units (UMAs), each
operational safety, particularly in runway environments. These actions are
designed to address local biodiversity priorities and contribute to ecosystem carried out through responsible deterrence methods, as well as the safe
conservation. capture and release of animals into their natural habitats, ensuring their
proper treatment at all times.
The UMA established at Zihuatanejo Airport includes a mangrove nursery and
focuses on the following objectives: In addition, these practices are conducted under a preventive and
continuous monitoring approach, helping maintain safe conditions for
• Reforestation of buttonwood mangroves aircraft operations while minimizing impacts on local biodiversity.
• Regeneration of coastal lagoon ecosystems
• Raising awareness about the importance of mangroves
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
122
<<page 123>>
M A I N S P E C I E S
O F F A U N A Through its biodiversity conservation programs, OMA works to protect wildlife
species and preserve the ecosystems surrounding its airports. Monitoring and
protected at our 13 airports
environmental management activities help improve understanding of local
biodiversity and support the implementation of measures aimed at protecting
[GRI 304-4]
species and their habitats in accordance with applicable regulations.
• Honeybee Acapulco
01
• Blue heron
• Mohave rattlesnake
02
Ciudad Juárez
02
Coral snake
• Mexican king snake
Turkey vulture
• Red-tailed hawk Coyote
Culiacán
• Texas horned lizard | 03
04
Black-necked stilt
Cassin’s kingbird
Chihuahua
Desert cottontail | 04
Durango
05
07 | 08
• Greater roadrunner
11
• Coyote
03 Mazatlán
• Mexican finch Tree swallow | 06
05
Pacific gopher snake
Plain Chachalaca
06
12 07 Monterrey
10
• Horned owl | 09
• Harris’s hawk 08 Reynosa
• Red-shouldered hawk
Blue heron
Green iguana 09 San Luis Potosí
Mexican parrot snake
• Mexican
10 Tampico
spiny-tailed iguana
• Cinnamon hummingbird
• Painted wood turtle
13
11 Torreón
01
• American crocodile
• Cinnamon hummingbird 12 Zacatecas
• Painted wood turtle
Skunk
Pacific gopher snake
13 Zihuatanejo
• Jaguarundi Plain Chachalaca
• Boa Constrictor
• American badger
• Peregrine falcon
• Green iguana
• Mexican parrot snake
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
123
<<page 124>>
O M A G R E E N
B O N D S F R A M E W O R K
With the objective of complying with sustainability
Renewable Energy: investments dedicated to energy
commitments and financing projects that will | 01
generation through renewable sources, mainly solar
improve environmental performance and support energy and battery banks that use it.
OMA’s business strategy, in April 2021, OMA
created the Green Bonds Framework (the “Green
Framework”), through which it issued debt in the
Mexican market for a total of Ps. 1 billion, to fund
Eligible Green Projects between 2021 and 2024.
Energy Efficiency: investments that reduce energy
consumption, which include: heating, ventilation, air
This Green Framework also describes the
conditioning, cooling, lighting, and energy-efficient electric
mechanisms by which OMA’s green bonds | 02
equipment; as well as projects that allow monitoring and
support compliance with the Sustainable optimizing the amount and time of energy consumption,
Development Goals (SDGs), noting their such as smart meters, load-controlling systems, and building
information systems or sensors.
contribution to: SDG 13 Climate Action, SDG | 7
Affordable and Clean Energy, SDG 6 Clean Water
and Sanitation, and SDG 15 Life on Land.
An equivalent amount of net funds collected
Sustainable Management of Water and Wastewater:
from OMA’s Green Bond issued under this Green
investments that improve the quality of water or water
Framework was fully used to finance or refinance
03 efficiency, and that include technologies and projects
the following Eligible Green Projects: to capture, distribute, treat, recycle or reuse water,
rainwater, or wastewater.
Eligible Green Projects:
• Renewable energy Biodiversity: investments related to preserving biological
diversity in or near OMA’s airport facilities, including the
• Energy efficiency
conservation plan and study related to the wildlife and plant life
04
• Sustainable management in danger of extinction, and preserving local vegetation, such as
wetlands and mangroves.
of water and wastewater
• Biodiversity
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
124
<<page 125>>
O M A ’ S S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y
We were the first airport
L I N K E D F I N A N C I N G F R A M E W O R K
group in Latin America and
the second worldwide to place
a sustainability-linked bond.
In March 2022, OMA unveiled the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework (the “SLB
Framework”) as a complement to our existing Green Bonds Framework. This strategic
initiative underscores OMA’s unwavering dedication to sustainability by aligning our
sustainability objectives with our corporate and financial strategies.
Under this comprehensive framework, OMA successfully issued long-term unsecured
sustainability-linked notes in the Mexican market, totaling Ps. 4 billion in March | 2022
and Ps. 3.2 billion in March 2023.
The placement of these pioneering unsecured notes in 2022 positioned OMA as the
first airport group in Latin America and the second globally to issue such a bond,
solidifying our leadership in sustainable financing.
These groundbreaking strategies serve to reinforce our commitment to operational
efficiency, mitigating environmental impacts, and enhancing long-term sustainability
indicators across all our airport operations.
One of the main objectives of issuing these bonds is to minimize the environmental
impact of operations by a 58% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions
(GHG) per passenger by 2025; we have also committed to releasing our GHG
emissions numbers (tCO2e) as an aggregated number. In this way, OMA contributes to
achieving SDG 13 – Climate Action, and SDG 7 – Affordable and Clean Energy. Upon
reaching this milestone year, OMA significantly outperformed the target, achieving an
audited emissions intensity of 0.18 kg CO2e per passenger, equivalent to 72% below
the established target.
In 2022 and | 2023,
OMA issued sustainability-linked bonds
for a total amount of Ps. 7.2 billion. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
125
<<page 126>>
INTRODUCING
R E Y N O S A Founded Founded in in | 1970 | 1970
A I R P O R T
General Lucio Blanco
Connectivity: Connectivity:
International Airport
Two airlines serving
6 domestic destinations
Location: Location:
Reynosa, Tamaulipas,
near the U.S. border
and the Gulf of Mexico
Clean Clean energy energy
infrastructure: infrastructure:
648 kWp solar capacity and
Passengers Passengers 2,234 kWh battery storage
served: served:
441,178 in | 2025
Economic Economic and and
tourism tourism relevance: relevance:
Infrastructure: Infrastructure:
Supports manufacturing
activity and regional mobility
One runway and 2 taxiways.
linked to the United States
Primary runway measuring
1,893 meters
Built Built area: area:
7,389 m² terminal
infrastructure, including
945 m² of commercial space
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
126 | 126
<<page 127>>
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
127
<<page 128>>
C O N T R I B U T I N G T O
L O C A L C O M M U N I T I E S
[GRI 2-25, 203-1; 203-2, 413-1]
[SASB SV-PS-000.A]
Our goal is to promote the development of the communities surrounding
our operations through initiatives that address local challenges, create
opportunities, and contribute to the United Nations 2030 Agenda.
The social responsibility program includes the following activities and
programs:
School Visits OMA “Good Neighbor”
Donations Program
Volunteering Cultural education
Tradition-based International
festivities commemorative days
Equal opportunities on a regular and transparent basis
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
128
<<page 129>>
S C H O O L
V I S I T S
E D U C AT I O N A L I N S T I T U T I O N A N D
N G O V I S I T S T O O M A A I R P O R T S
To inspire new generations and broaden understanding of the airport
industry, OMA has a program that allows schools, NGOs, and universities to
Airport
Institution
visit our airports and learn about our operations and the role airports play in
mobility and connectivity. In 2025, 12 airports participated in the program. CTASE Flight Attendant School
Acapulco
Ciudad Juárez Federal Elementary School America
Sinaloa Educational Innovation Center A.C. (Preschool level)
Culiacán
Chihuahua Maple Bear Elementary School
Durango Durango Elementary School
OMA
In 2025, school visits at
• UANL High School | 18
• Álvaro Obregón
OMA’s airports reached
• Anna Freud Kindergarten
contributes High School
• Aerocluster
nearly • EAV University Center
Monterrey • Aerotrain México
• Hilton Hotel
• María Mazzarello
(employees’ children)
Kindergarten
• Menzies – Delta
to the
employees’ children
development
CANACINTRA Mazatlán
Mazatlán
of the
• Cecilio Castillo and Ramón Mario Bahena
Elementary School
communities Reynosa
• Children’s home
1,300
surrounding
Municipal DIF of Soledad de Graciano Sánchez
students
San Luis Potosí
“Little Guardians” Camp
its operations by
• Autonomous University of San Luis Potosí
implementing initiatives
• Huasteca Zone Teletón
Tampico
that offer solutions and significantly increasing the • University of the Northeast
• Technological Institute of Ciudad Madero
create opportunities number of students impacted
Torreón Francisco Villa School, Villa Nazareno, Durango
to address local compared to approximately
challenges. 500 students in 2024.
Zihuatanejo Monseñor Gregorio M. Bello Carranza School Center
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
129
<<page 130>>
D O N A T I O N S
[GRI 203-1, 203-2, 413-1]
OMA is actively working to establish principles for measuring the
socioeconomic impact of its projects and donations. Through its in-kind
and cash donation program, the Company supports a wide range of social
causes and contributes to the well-being of the communities where it
operates.
We prioritize supporting organizations located near our airports,
strengthening local development and fostering closer ties with the
communities.
As in previous years, | 19
we supported several donations
causes with:
During the year, OMA made numerous donations and provided community
support initiatives across its airports to strengthen local institutions,
emergency response brigades, social organizations, educational spaces,
and causes related to health, childhood, and the environment. These
initiatives reflect the Company’s commitment to the communities near its
operations, and to creating social and environmental value.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
130
<<page 131>>
D O N A T I O N S B Y
B U S I N E S S U N I T
Zihuatanejo
Corporate Office
• Self-contained breathing apparatus,
• Collection of new games with participation by
replacement cylinders, and additional masks for
OMA personnel for donations to DIF Nuevo León
firefighters in the municipality of Zihuatanejo
• Cash collection for security and cleaning
Acapulco
• Buttonwood mangrove saplings were also
personnel at year end
• Donation of AFFF firefighting foam to
donated to reforest different areas of Zihuatanejo
the Acapulco Municipal Fire Department
• Forgotten and unclaimed items were
donated to CRIT Guerrero, to support
boys and girls with disabilities, cancer
and autism Zacatecas
• Painting the Aquiles Serdán Primary
School for field maintenance and the
perimeter mural
2 | 2
Ciudad Juárez | 2 | 1
• Forgotten and unclaimed items
were donated to Chihuahua Civil
Torreón
Protection, intended to support
• Complete structural equipment for
19
vulnerable populations
firefighters in the municipalities of:
1 | 3
- Gómez Palacio
- Francisco I. Madero
- Matamoros
Culiacán
1
• Donation of unclaimed items | 1
to Banco de Ropa y Enseres de
Tampico
Culiacán, I.A.P
• Donation of PET to Asociación Casa
MAKA, supporting children with cancer
1 | 3
2
Monterrey
Reynosa
• Donation of plastic caps to
• Donations of:
AMANEC to support children and
- Functional lighting, Ejido Nuevo Santana
adolescents undergoing cancer
- Fencing, kinder Ejido Pedro María Anaya
treatment Mazatlán
- Trees and gardening tools, nursing home
• School supplies to Asociación
Padres y Compadres I.A.P
• Bottle caps to COMPETE,
supporting children with cancer at
Hospital Pediátrico de Sinaloa
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
131
<<page 132>>
V O L U N T E E R I N G
OMA believes in the importance of consistently reinforcing its values
through corporate volunteering. In addition to supporting solutions to
social and environmental challenges in our communities, volunteering
In 2025, we organized
also helps foster a sense of belonging and strengthen skills such as social
responsibility, trust, critical thinking, teamwork, proactivity, passion, 6 volunteering
motivation, and empathy.
activities
across our
We encourage employees to participate in Voluntariado OMA by
airports
contributing their time, knowledge, skills, and talent to support initiatives
led by civil society organizations and schools located in the communities
surrounding our operations.
positively impacting
Aware that addressing community issues requires a joint effort, OMA has
developed a methodology for engaging with civil society. We identify 580 beneficiaries.
organizations that work directly with vulnerable groups and develop
These initiatives
engagement plans that facilitate employee participation.
were supported by
the dedication and
V O L U N T E E R I N G A C T I V I T I E S
participation of 65 OMA
volunteers, contributing to
Airport Activity
a significant increase in the
Culiacán Reforestation in areas on the outskirts of the city.
number of beneficiaries
Support in collecting and registering obsolete electronic devices at
Mazatlán
reached during the year.
Reciclón Electrónico 2025.
Supported DIF Reynosa in assembling 500 aid baskets for vulnerable
Reynosa
families in Reynosa.
Participated in a wheelchair basketball game with children with motor
Torreón disabilities at CRIT Durango to raise awareness about the mobility
difficulties they face.
Helped the Aquiles Serdán Elementary School paint their fields and
Zacatecas
the perimeter walls.
Reforestation with 50 buttonwood mangroves in the environmental
Zihuatanejo
area of Refugio de Potosí.
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
132 | 132
<<page 133>>
INTRODUCING
Founded Founded in in | 1929 | 1929
T A M P I C O
A I R P O R T
Connectivity: Connectivity:
General Francisco Javier Mina
Four airlines serving seven direct
International Airport
destinations, including five domestic
and two international routes
Location: Location:
Tampico, Tamaulipas,
approximately 12 kilometers
from downtown
Clean Clean energy energy
infrastructure: infrastructure:
Passengers Passengers
750 kWp solar capacity
served: served:
609,476 in | 2025
Infrastructure: Infrastructure:
Economic Economic and and
tourism tourism relevance: relevance:
Three runways and 2 taxiways.
Primary runway measuring
Supports the energy,
2,550 meters
petrochemical, and industrial
corridor of southern
Tamaulipas
Built Built area: area:
7,981 m² terminal infrastructure,
including 935 m² of commercial
space
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
133 | 133
<<page 134>>
C U L T U R A L
E D U C A T I O N
C U LT U R A L A C T I V I T I E S
By airport
To contribute to the cultural and social development of the communities Airport Activity
surrounding its operations, passengers, and the public, OMA organizes and
Exhibition of Day of the Dead sculptures in public areas in the airport
Acapulco
by artists from CRIT Guerrero.
supports artistic and cultural activities throughout its airport network.
Photography show of the culture and customs of Sinaloa,
Culiacán
by Tecnológico de Monterrey.
• Folkloric dance performance in public areas within the airport.
Chihuahua
• Painting exhibitions in public areas by different artists from Chihuahua.
• A tasting event featuring traditional sweets from Durango, prepared
Durango by chef “Koko Gourmet” for the general public at Durango Airport.
• Musical performance by cellist Anahi Villareal in high-traffic passenger areas.
Passengers were welcomed by two dancers from the municipal dance school,
Mazatlán
as well as “pan de muerto” during Day of the Dead celebrations.
Reynosa Samples of traditional Reynosa cuisine.
Photography show of monuments representing “Huasteca Potosina,”
San Luis Potosí
sponsored by the Secretary of Tourism.
• Exhibition featuring two sculptures inspired by extraterrestrial themes by
Alled Casa Productora, reflecting the cultural fascination with extraterrestrial
Tampico phenomena in Tampico.
• A saxophone performance to greet passengers.
• Folkloric ballet performances from Tampico to welcome passengers.
• “Ventanas del Alma” painting exhibition in public areas by the artist
Paola Ramos Humphrey.
• Exhibition of the “Voces del Desierto” painting collection in public areas
Torreón
by artists from Institución Municipal de Cultura y Educación de Torreón.
• Performance by the Laguna Horns musical group featuring the French
horn, as part of Make Music Mexico 2025 – Torreón.
Zacatecas “Fuego y Forma” show by Arte Huichol – Wixárika – by different artists.
Zihuatanejo “Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo: Un viaje dos paraísos” photography show. #ThisIZit
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
134
<<page 135>>
T R A D I T I O N A L F E S T I V I T I E S
A N D C O M M E M O R A T I V E D A Y S
Mexico is rich in traditions, and at OMA we are committed to celebrating
and promoting cultural heritage. Observing national and international
commemorative days also raises awareness among our employees and
strengthens our organizational culture and values.
In 2025, a variety of recreational activities and commemorative events were
held across our airports, reaching 1,181 employees. Highlights included:
Traditional National
Holidays
• Three Kings’ Day
• Candlemas Day
• Independence Day
• Mexican Revolution
• Day of the Dead
Social & Inclusion
Awareness Days
Other
• Women’s Day
Commemorations
• Autism Awareness Day
• OMA Anniversary
• International Day of Persons
• Aviation Day in Mexico
with Disabilities
• World Children’s Day
and children’s rights
EVENTS | 2025
1,181
Employees impacted by
Environment & these actions Health &
Sustainability Days Well-Being Days
• World Environment Day
• Safety and Health Day
• Firefighter Day • Blood Donor Day
• Breast Cancer Awareness Day
• World Alzheimer’s Day
• World Diabetes Day
• Prostate Cancer Day
• Breastfeeding Week
Family & Community
Celebrations
• Children’s Day
• Mother’s Day
• Father’s Day
• Valentine’s Day
• Christmas and New Year
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
135
<<page 136>>
O M A ’ S C O L L A B O R A T I O N
W I T H U N I C E F
Through the UNICEF campaign,
In line with its commitment to the UN Sustainable Development Goals
OMA
(SDGs) and the UN Global Compact, OMA established a partnership with
contributed
UNICEF to support face-to-face communication, awareness, and fundraising
campaigns at the airports of Chihuahua, Monterrey, San Luis Potosí, and
Torreón. to three of the United Nations’
Sustainable Development Goals:
Campaigns took place in both public and gate areas between January and
SDG 5, SDG 6, and SDG 16.
December 2025. UNICEF ambassadors provided information about the
organization’s global programs and encouraged passengers and visitors
During the campaign period,
6,256 new
to become monthly donors, helping children and adolescents around the
donors joined UNICEF with an average
world access safer, healthier, and more equitable living conditions.
monthly contribution of Ps. 409, increasing
both the number of donors and the level of
contributions.
P R O M O T I N G E Q U A L
O P P O R T U N I T I E S
W I T H S T A K E H O L D E R S
As part of OMA’s commitment to inclusion and community development,
we carried out initiatives to support vulnerable populations, including the
provision of medical supplies and financial assistance for health services.
We also promoted equal opportunity through inclusive activities such as
talks, public awareness messages, and art auctions featuring works created
by people with disabilities.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
136
<<page 137>>
O M A ’ S C O M M U N I T Y
I M P A C T
580 | 6,256 | 19 | 25
People benefited New UNICEF Donations Celebrations and
through volunteering donors made commemorations
01 | 02 | 03 | 04 | 05 | 06 | 07
1,301 | 210
Students who Day of the Dead Social organizations with
visited airports activities in airports which we collaborate
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
137
<<page 138>>
INTRODUCING
Founded Founded in in | 1943 | 1943
Z A C A T E C A S
Connectivity: Connectivity:
A I R P O R T
Three airlines serving seven direct
General Leobardo C. Ruiz
destinations, including two domestic
International Airport
and five international routes
Location: Location:
Zacatecas, Zacatecas,
approximately 23 kilometers
from downtown
Clean Clean energy energy
infrastructure: infrastructure:
200 kWp solar capacity and
Passengers Passengers
1,080 kWh battery storage
served: served:
423,818 in | 2025
Economic Economic and and
tourism tourism relevance: relevance:
Infrastructure: Infrastructure:
Supports one of Mexico’s
leading mining regions and
One runway.
international business mobility
Primary runway measuring
3,000 meters
Built Built area: area:
5,809 m² terminal
infrastructure, including
538 m² of commercial space
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
138 | 138
<<page 139>>
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
139
<<page 140>>
O M A S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y
R E P O R T
[GRI 2-1, 2-2, 2-3]
The 2025 Sustainability Report of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte,
S.A.B. de C.V. has been prepared with reference to GRI Standards and
taking into consideration the SASB Standards. The report convers the
period from January 1 to December 31, 2025, and it has been reviewed and
approved by the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer of OMA.
The report also contains certain relevant information on activities performed
subsequent to the end of 2025, and through April 24, 2026.
This report includes information on our corporate offices and business units:
Aeropuerto de Acapulco, S.A. de C.V.; Aeropuerto de Ciudad Juárez, S.A.
de C.V.; Aeropuerto de Culiacán, S.A. de C.V.; Aeropuerto de Chihuahua,
S.A. de C.V.; Aeropuerto de Durango, S.A. de C.V.; Aeropuerto de
Mazatlán, S.A. de C.V.; Aeropuerto de Monterrey, S.A. de C.V.; Aeropuerto
de Reynosa, S.A. de C.V.; Aeropuerto de San Luis Potosí, S.A. de C.V.;
Aeropuerto de Tampico, S.A. de C.V.; Aeropuerto de Torreón, S.A. de C.V.;
Aeropuerto de Zacatecas, S.A. de C.V.; Aeropuerto de Zihuatanejo, S.A.
de C.V.; Servicios Aeroportuarios del Centro Norte, S.A. de C.V.; Servicios
Complementarios del Centro Norte, S.A. de C.V.; OMA Logística, S.A. de
C.V.; OMA-VYNMSA Aero Industrial Park, S.A. de C.V.
SUSTAINABILITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT REPORT
140 | 140
<<page 141>>
G R I C O N T E N T
I N D E X
Statement of use: OMA has reported the information cited
in this GRI content index for the period from January | 1, | 2025,
to December 31, 2025, with reference to the GRI Standards.
GRI Standard Disclosure Location
GRI 2 General Disclosures | 2021
GRI 2-1 Organizational details | 7, | 9, | 11, | 12
GRI 2-2 Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting | 12, | 140
GRI 2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point | 140, | 149
THE ORGANIZATION AND ITS REPORTING
Certain figures may differ slightly from totals, other sec-
PRACTICES
tions, or prior-year reports and data due to the Company’s
GRI 2-4 Restatements of information
rounding criteria. These differences do not constitute
restatements.
GRI 2-5 External Assurance _
GRI 2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships 9, 11, 15-18, | 49, | 73
ACTIVITIES AND WORKERS GRI 2-7 Employees | 11, | 76, | 78, | 79
GRI 2-8 Workers who are not employees _
GRI 2-9 Governance structure and composition. 29-30, 53-56
GRI 2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body | 53, | 54
GRI 2-11 Chair of the highest governance body | 54
GRI 2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts | 29, | 53, | 55
GRI 2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts | 4, | 29, | 53
GRI 2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting | 29, | 55, | 57, | 140
GOVERNANCE GRI 2-15 Conflicts of interest | 62, | 64, | 65
GRI 2-16 Communication of critical concerns | 55, | 71, | 72
GRI 2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body | 55
GRI 2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body _
GRI 2-19 Remuneration policies | 58
GRI 2-20 Process to determine remuneration | 53, | 58
GRI 2-21 Annual total compensation ratio _
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
141
<<page 142>>
GRI 2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy 4, 5, 37-40
GRI 2-23 Policy commitments | 10, | 31, | 42, | 73, | 84, | 85
GRI 2-24 Embedding policy commitments | 10, | 31, | 38, | 42, | 62, | 73, | 84, | 85
STRATEGY, POLICIES AND PRACTICES GRI 2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts | 42, | 49, | 106, | 107, | 110, | 112, | 128
GRI 2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns | 55, | 71, | 72
GRI 2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations | 62, | 64, | 110
GRI 2-28 Membership associations | 26, | 28
GRI 2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement | 35
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
GRI 2-30 Collective bargaining agreements | 76, | 83
GRI 200 Economic
GRI 201-1 "Direct economic value generated and distributed" | 46, | 47
GRI 201 ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE GRI 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change | 46, | 106, | 107, | 113
GRI 202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from the local community _
GRI 203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported | 46, | 107, | 128, | 130
GRI 203 INDIRECT ECONOMIC IMPACTS
GRI 203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts | 46, | 125, | 128, | 130
GRI 204 PROCUREMENT PRACTICES GRI 204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers | 73
GRI 205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption | 64, | 68
GRI 205 ANTI-CORRUPTION GRI 205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures | 64, | 69
GRI 205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken | 68, | 69
GRI 206 ANTI-COMPETITIVE BEHAVIOR GRI 206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and monopoly practices | 64
GRI 207-1 Approach to tax | 56
GRI 207-2 Tax governance, control, and risk management | 42, | 56
GRI 207 TAX
GRI 207-3 Stakeholder engagement and management of concerns related to tax | 56
GRI 207-4 Country-by-country reporting _
GRI 300 Environmental
GRI 301-1 Materials used by weight or volume | N/A
GRI 301 MATERIALS GRI 301-2 Recycled input materials used | N/A
GRI 301-3 Reclaimed products and their packaging materials | N/A
GRI 302-1 Energy consumption within the organization | 107, | 111
GRI 302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization | 107
GRI 302 ENERGY GRI 302-3 Energy intensity _
GRI 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption | 107, | 109, | 115
GRI 302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services | 106, | 107, | 109, | 115
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
142
<<page 143>>
GRI 303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource | 120
GRI 303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts | 121
GRI 303 WATER AND EFFLUENTS GRI 303-3 Water withdrawal | 120
GRI 303-4 Water discharge | 121
GRI 303-5 Water consumption | 120, | 121
Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high
GRI 304-1122
biodiversity value outside protected areas
GRI 304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products, and services on biodiversity | 122
GRI 304 BIODIVERSITY
GRI 304-3 Habitats protected or restored | 122
IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species with habitats in areas affected by
GRI 304-4122, | 123
operations
GRI 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions | 110, | 112, | 113
GRI 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions | 110, | 112, | 113
GRI 305-4 GHG emissions intensity | 110, | 112, | 115
GRI 305 EMISSIONS
GRI 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions | 110, | 112, | 114, | 115
GRI 305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS) _
GRI 305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulfur oxides (SOX), and other significant air emissions _
GRI 306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts | 116
GRI 306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts | 116
GRI 306 WASTE (2020) GRI 306-3 Waste generated 116-118
GRI 306-4 Waste diverted from disposal | 118, | 119
GRI 306-5 Waste directed to disposal | 118
GRI 308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria | 73
GRI 308 SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL
ASSESSMENT
GRI 308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken _
GRI 400 Social
GRI 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 76, 80-82
Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time
GRI 401 EMPLOYMENT GRI 401-276, | 100, | 103
employees
GRI 401-3 Parental leave | 76, | 100, | 102
GRI 402 LABOR/MANAGEMENT RELATIONS GRI 402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes | 76, | 83
GRI 403-1 Occupational health and safety management system 76, 86-88, | 91
GRI 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation 76, 86-90
GRI 403-3 Occupational health services | 76, | 86, | 87, | 93
GRI 403 OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND
SAFETY
GRI 403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety 76, 86-88, | 91
GRI 403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety | 76, | 87, | 91, | 92
GRI 403-6 Promotion of worker health | 76, | 91, | 93, | 94
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
143
<<page 144>>
Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business
GRI 403-776, 86-88, | 91, | 93
relationships
GRI 403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system | 76, | 86, | 87, | 91, | 93
GRI 403 OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY
GRI 403-9 Work-related injuries 76, 86-90
GRI 403-10 Work-related ill health | 76, | 86, | 87
GRI 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee | 97
GRI 404 TRAINING AND EDUCATION GRI 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs 76, 95-99
GRI 404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews | 76, | 104
GRI 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees | 53, | 54, | 76, | 85
GRI 405 DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
GRI 405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men _
GRI 406 NON DISCRIMINATION GRI 406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken | 76, | 84, | 85
GRI 407 FREEDOM OF ASSOCIATION AND Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining
GRI 407-173, | 83
COLLECTIVE BARGAINING may be at risk
GRI 408 CHILD LABOR GRI 408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor | 62, | 73
GRI 409 FORCED OR COMPULSORY LABOR GRI 409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor | 62, | 73
GRI 410 SECURITY PRACTICES GRI 410-1 Security personnel trained in human rights policies or procedures | 84, | 85
GRI 411 RIGHTS OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLES GRI 411-1 Incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous peoples _
Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development
GRI 413-1128-136
programs
GRI 413 LOCAL COMMUNITIES
GRI 413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local communities _
GRI 414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria | 73
GRI 414 SUPPLIER SOCIAL ASSESSMENT
GRI 414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken | 73
GRI 415 PUBLIC POLICY GRI 415-1 Political contributions | 64
GRI 416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories _
GRI 416. CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY
GRI 416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services _
GRI 417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labeling _
GRI 417 MARKETING AND LABELING GRI 417-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service information and labeling _
GRI 417-3 Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing communications _
GRI 418 CUSTOMER PRIVACY GRI 418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data _
GRI 3 MATERIAL TOPICS
GRI 3-1 Process to determine material topics | 33
GRI 3 MATERIAL TOPICS GRI 3-2 List of material topics | 33, | 34
GRI 3-3 Management of material topics | 28
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
144
<<page 145>>
S A S B C O N T E N T
I N D E X
SASB INDICATOR Content Page
1. DATA SECURITY
SV-PS-230a.1 Description of the approach to identify and address data security risks. 42, 43, 59-61
SV-PS-230a.2 Description of policies and practices related to the collection, use, and retention of customer information. 59-61, | 66
(1) Number of data breaches, (2) Percentage involving Confidential Business Information (CBI) or Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of
SV-PS-230a.3 59-61
customers, (3) Number of affected customers.
2. WORKFORCE DIVERSITY AND ENGAGEMENT
SV-PS-330a.1 Percentage representation of gender and racial/ethnic groups in (1) executive management and (2) all other employees | 53, | 54, | 57, | 76, | 78, | 79, | 84, | 85
SV-PS-330a.2 (1) Voluntary employee turnover rate, (2) Involuntary employee turnover rate. 80-82
SV-PS-330a.3 Employee engagement percentage | 74, | 76, | 77, | 104
3. PROFESSIONAL INTEGRITY
SV-PS-510a.1 Description of the approach to ensure professional integrity. 53, 62-74
In 2025, OMA incurred no monetary losses resulting
SV-PS-510a.2 Total amount of monetary losses resulting from legal proceedings associated with professional integrity. from legal proceedings associated with professional
integrity.
4. METRICS
SV-PS-000.A Number of employees categorized by (1) full-time and part-time, (2) temporary, and (3) contractual | 11, | 76, | 78, | 79
SV-PS-000.B Hours worked per employee; billable percentage | 90, | 95
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
145
<<page 146>>
G L O B A L C O M P A C T
I N D E X
United Nations Global Compact Principles
Area Principle Chapter
HUMAN RIGHTS 1. Businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed human rights | 2, | 4
2. Businesses should ensure they are not complicit in human rights abuses | 4
LABOR STANDARDS 3. Businesses should support the freedom of association and the effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining | 4, | 5
4. Businesses should eliminate all forms of forced and compulsory labor | 2, | 4, | 5
5. Businesses should effectively abolish child labor | 2, | 4, | 5
6. Businesses should eliminate discrimination in respect of employment and occupation | 2, | 4, | 5
ENVIRONMENT 7. Businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges | 2, | 4, | 6
8. Businesses should undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility | 2, | 4, | 6
9. Businesses should encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally friendly technologies | 2, | 4, | 6
ANTI-CORRUPTION 10. Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and bribery | 2, | 4
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
146
<<page 147>>
G L O S S A R Y
G L O S S A R Y
• ACA - Airport Carbon Accreditation • m³ - Cubic meters
• ACI-LAC - Airports Council International - Latin America and the Caribbean • NASDAQ - National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations
• AFAC - Federal Civil Aviation Agency (a stock exchange in the United States)
• AliaRSE - Alliance for Corporate Social Responsibility • NAR - Non-Aeronautical Revenues
• BMV - Mexican Stock Exchange • NGO - Non-Governmental Organization
• CEMEFI - Mexican Center for Philanthropy • NOM - Official Mexican Standards
• CFE - Federal Electricity Commission • OECD - Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development
• CLAM - Local Committee for Mutual Help • PAE - Employee Assistance Program
• CLSH - Occupational Safety and Hygiene Commission • PROFEPA - Federal Attorney for Environmental Protection
• CNBV - National Banking and Securities Commission • PPA - Power Purchase Agreement
• COBIFER - Binational Council for Economic Development of Reynosa • PASST - Occupational Health and Safety Self-Management Program
• CODESIN - Council for Economic Development of Sinaloa • PAX - Passenger
• COPARMEX - Mexican Employers’ Confederation • Ps. - Mexican peso (currency)
• CSR - Corporate Social Responsibility • RENE - National Emissions Registry
• Duty Free - Tax-free stores • SDG - Sustainable Development Goals
• EBITDA - Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization • SEC - Securities and Exchange Commission
• ERIAC - Association of Human Capital Professionals • SECTUR - Ministry of Tourism
• ESG - Environmental, Social and Governance • SEMARNAT - Ministry of the Environment and Natural Resources
• FIDETUR - Tourism Promotion Trust • SLB - Sustainability-Linked Bond
• GHG - Greenhouse Gas • SSA - Ministry of Health
• ICAO - International Civil Aviation Organization • Stakeholders - Organizations or people the Company interacts with, either
• ICPNL - Institute of Public Accountants of Nuevo León directly or indirectly, in corporate relationships
• IMS - Integrated Management System • STPS - Ministry of Labor and Social Welfare
• IMSS - Mexican Social Security Institute • tCO e - Tons of carbon dioxide equivalent
2
• ISO - International Organization for Standardization • TUA - Passenger Charges
• kWh - Kilowatt hours • Ton - Tons
• LGCC - General Law on Climate Change • UMA - Management Unit for Conservation and Sustainable Use of Wildlife
• Materiality Study - Analysis that allows priority sustainability matters to be • UN - United Nations
defined • WB - World Bank
• MW - Megawatt
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
147
<<page 148>>
A N N E X | 1
A N N E X | 1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
148
<<page 149>>
A N N E X | 1
C O N T A C T
A T O M A
CORPORATE OFFICES
Avenida Patriotismo 201, Piso | 5,
Colonia San Pedro de los Pinos,
C.P. 03800. Mexico City, Mexico
Web Page: https://www.oma.aero/
SUSTAINABILITY AT OMA
Ricardo Dueñas Espriu
Chief Executive Officer
Ruffo Pérez Pliego del Castillo
Chief Financial Officer
Luis Emmanuel Camacho Thierry
Investor Relations
ecamacho@oma.aero
+52 | (81) | 8625 | 4308
Mauricio Camarena Rodríguez
Investor Relations & Financial Planning
mauricio.camarena@oma.aero
+52 (81) 8625 4300 ext | 1419
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
149
